how big is bmc software in houston , tx	Employing over  6 , 0  0  0  , BMC is often credited with pioneering the BSM concept as a way to help better align IT operations with business needs .	 1 	2
how big is bmc software in houston , tx	For  2  0  1  1  , the company recorded an annual revenue of $  2 . 1  billion , making it the #  2  0  largest software company in terms of revenue for that year .	 1 	2
how big is bmc software in houston , tx	BMC Software , Inc. is an American company specializing in Business Service Management ( BSM ) software .	 0 	2
how big is bmc software in houston , tx	Headquartered in Houston , Texas , BMC develops , markets and sells software used for multiple functions , including IT service management , data center automation , performance management , virtualization lifecycle management and cloud computing management .	 0 	2
how big is bmc software in houston , tx	The name `` BMC '' is taken from the surnames of its three founders—Scott Boulette , John Moores , and Dan Cloer .	 0 	2
how long was i love lucy on the air	The black-and-white series originally ran from October  1  5  ,  1  9  5  1  , to May  6  ,  1  9  5  7  , on the Columbia Broadcasting System ( CBS ) .	 1 	1
how long was i love lucy on the air	I Love Lucy is an American television sitcom starring Lucille Ball , Desi Arnaz , Vivian Vance , and William Frawley .	 0 	1
how long was i love lucy on the air	After the series ended in  1  9  5  7  , however , a modified version continued for three more seasons with  1  3  one-hour specials , running from  1  9  5  7  to  1  9  6  0  , known first as The Lucille Ball-Desi Arnaz Show and later in reruns as The Lucy–Desi Comedy Hour .	 0 	1
how long was i love lucy on the air	I Love Lucy was the most watched show in the United States in four of its six seasons , and was the first to end its run at the top of the Nielsen ratings ( an accomplishment later matched by The Andy Griffith Show and Seinfeld ) .	 0 	1
how long was i love lucy on the air	I Love Lucy is still syndicated in dozens of languages across the world .	 0 	1
how long was i love lucy on the air	The show was the first scripted television program to be shot on  3  5  mm film in front of a studio audience , and won five Emmy Awards and received numerous nominations .	 0 	1
how long was i love lucy on the air	In  2  0  0  2  , it ranked second on TV Guide 's list of television 's greatest shows , behind Seinfeld and ahead of The Honeymooners .	 0 	1
how long was i love lucy on the air	In  2  0  0  7  , it was listed as one of Time magazine 's ``  1  0  0  Best TV Shows of All-TIME . ''	 0 	1
how long was i love lucy on the air	I Love Lucy remains popular , with an American audience of  4  0  million each year .	 0 	1
how did armando christian perez become famous	Armando Pérez ( born January  1  5  ,  1  9  8  1  ) , better known by his stage name Pitbull , is an American rapper , songwriter , and record producer .	 1 	1
how did armando christian perez become famous	His first recorded performance was from the Lil Jon album Kings of Crunk in  2  0  0  2  .	 0 	1
how did armando christian perez become famous	In  2  0  0  4  , he released his debut album titled M.I.A.M.I . ( short for Money Is A Major Issue ) under TVT Records .	 0 	1
how did armando christian perez become famous	Since then , he has released three other albums under the label : El Mariel in  2  0  0  6  , The Boatlift in  2  0  0  7  , and Planet Pit in  2  0  1  1  .	 0 	1
how did armando christian perez become famous	He released Rebelution in  2  0  0  9  , which included singles `` I Know You Want Me ( Calle Ocho ) `` and `` Krazy `` .	 0 	1
how did armando christian perez become famous	The latter peaked at No .  3  0  on the Hot  1  0  0  and No .  1  1  on the Hot Rap Tracks charts while `` I Know You Want Me '' peaked at No .  2  on the Hot  1  0  0  and peaked within the top ten spots of charts in the UK , Canada , Italy , and the Netherlands .	 0 	1
how did armando christian perez become famous	The song reached No .  1  in France and the European Hot  1  0  0  on the week ending August  2  9  ,  2  0  0  9  according to Billboard magazine .	 0 	1
how did armando christian perez become famous	He later signed with Polo Grounds Music through Sony Music and created his own label Mr.  3  0  5  Inc .	 0 	1
how did armando christian perez become famous	Another single from Rebelution was `` Hotel Room Service `` , which peaked at No .  8  on the Hot  1  0  0  .	 0 	1
how did armando christian perez become famous	Rebelution went on to sell over  7 . 5  million worldwide digital singles and albums combined .	 0 	1
how did armando christian perez become famous	Nevertheless , he dropped a smash called `` Give Me Everything '' which reached #  1  worldwide , and featured artists Ne-yo , Nayer , and Afrojack .	 0 	1
how did armando christian perez become famous	He has also performed as a featured artist in the remixes of many other hit songs , like Tik Tok , Scream & Shout , Lo Hecho Esta Hecho , Bad , Papi , Diamonds , How Low , Tonight ( I 'm Lovin ' You ) , Video Phone , Over To You Now and Bumpy Ride .	 0 	1
how did armando christian perez become famous	Pérez is also the host of his own Spanish-language program on the cable channel Mun 2  titled La Esquina ( Spanish for The Corner ) .	 0 	1
how did armando christian perez become famous	In  2  0  0  5  Pérez and rapper Sean 'Diddy ' Combs co-founded Bad Boy Latino , a subsidiary of Combs ' Bad Boy Records label .	 0 	1
how did armando christian perez become famous	It primarily focuses on Latin hip hop , Latin soul , Latin pop and other Tropical music , and has offices in New York and Miami , Florida .	 0 	1
how did armando christian perez become famous	Along with co-founding it , Pérez currently heads the A & R division of the label .	 0 	1
how did armando christian perez become famous	Pérez has become a product endorser , representing alongside Drake , Rihanna , and Trey Songz the “So Kodak” campaign for the Kodak brand and embarking on a partnership with the soft drink giant Dr Pepper as part of the campaign “ Vida  2  3  ” for which he recorded the song specifically featured on his album Armando .	 0 	1
how did armando christian perez become famous	Pitbull also announced he has become the spokesperson for Voli Vodka , in which he holds a majority equity stake , and Budweiser has chosen Pitbull to promote its Bud Light line of beer .	 0 	1
how did armando christian perez become famous	The commercials currently highlight Pitbull dancing and gyrating on stage holding up a bottle of Bud Light .	 0 	1
how did armando christian perez become famous	Pitbull has also purchased an equity stake in Miami Subs Pizza and Grill .	 0 	1
what bird family is the owl	Owls are a group of birds that belong to the order Strigiformes , constituting  2  0  0  extant bird of prey species .	 1 	1
what bird family is the owl	Most are solitary and nocturnal , with some exceptions ( e.g. , the Northern Hawk Owl ) .	 0 	1
what bird family is the owl	Owls hunt mostly small mammals , insects , and other birds , although a few species specialize in hunting fish .	 0 	1
what bird family is the owl	They are found in all regions of the Earth except Antarctica , most of Greenland and some remote islands .	 0 	1
what bird family is the owl	Owls are characterized by their small beaks and wide faces , and are divided into two families : the typical owls , Strigidae ; and the barn-owls , Tytonidae .	 0 	1
how many people were killed in the oklahoma city bombing	The Oklahoma blast claimed  1  6  8  lives , including  1  9  children under the age of  6  , and injured more than  6  8  0  people .	 1 	1
how many people were killed in the oklahoma city bombing	The Oklahoma City bombing was a domestic terrorist bomb attack on the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building in downtown Oklahoma City on April  1  9  ,  1  9  9  5  .	 0 	1
how many people were killed in the oklahoma city bombing	It would remain the most destructive act of terrorism on American soil until the September  1  1  ,  2  0  0  1  attacks .	 0 	1
how many people were killed in the oklahoma city bombing	The blast destroyed or damaged  3  2  4  buildings within a sixteen-block radius , destroyed or burned  8  6  cars , and shattered glass in  2  5  8  nearby buildings .	 0 	1
how many people were killed in the oklahoma city bombing	The bomb was estimated to have caused at least $  6  5  2  million worth of damage .	 0 	1
how many people were killed in the oklahoma city bombing	Extensive rescue efforts were undertaken by local , state , federal , and worldwide agencies in the wake of the bombing , and substantial donations were received from across the country .	 0 	1
how many people were killed in the oklahoma city bombing	The Federal Emergency Management Agency ( FEMA ) activated eleven of its Urban Search and Rescue Task Forces , consisting of  6  6  5  rescue workers who assisted in rescue and recovery operations .	 0 	1
how many people were killed in the oklahoma city bombing	Within  9  0  minutes of the explosion , Timothy McVeigh was stopped by Oklahoma State Trooper Charlie Hanger for driving without a license plate and arrested for unlawfully carrying a weapon .	 0 	1
how many people were killed in the oklahoma city bombing	Forensic evidence quickly linked McVeigh and Terry Nichols to the attack ; Nichols was arrested , and within days both were charged .	 0 	1
how many people were killed in the oklahoma city bombing	Michael and Lori Fortier were later identified as accomplices .	 0 	1
how many people were killed in the oklahoma city bombing	McVeigh , an American militia movement sympathizer who was a Gulf War veteran , had detonated an explosive-filled Ryder rental truck parked in front of the building .	 0 	1
how many people were killed in the oklahoma city bombing	McVeigh 's co-conspirator , Terry Nichols , had assisted in the bomb preparation .	 0 	1
how many people were killed in the oklahoma city bombing	Motivated by his hatred of the federal government and angered by what he perceived as its mishandling of the Waco Siege (  1  9  9  3  ) and the Ruby Ridge incident (  1  9  9  2  ) , McVeigh timed his attack to coincide with the second anniversary of the deadly fire that ended the siege at Waco .	 0 	1
how many people were killed in the oklahoma city bombing	The official investigation , known as `` OKBOMB '' , was the largest criminal investigation case in American history ; FBI agents conducted  2  8 , 0  0  0  interviews , amassing of evidence , and collected nearly one billion pieces of information .	 0 	1
how many people were killed in the oklahoma city bombing	The bombers were tried and convicted in  1  9  9  7  .	 0 	1
how many people were killed in the oklahoma city bombing	McVeigh was executed by lethal injection on June  1  1  ,  2  0  0  1  , and Nichols was sentenced to life in prison .	 0 	1
how many people were killed in the oklahoma city bombing	Michael and Lori Fortier testified against McVeigh and Nichols ; Michael was sentenced to  1  2  years in prison for failing to warn the U.S. government , and Lori received immunity from prosecution in exchange for her testimony .	 0 	1
how many people were killed in the oklahoma city bombing	As with other large-scale terrorist attacks , conspiracy theories dispute the official claims and allege the involvement of additional perpetrators .	 0 	1
how many people were killed in the oklahoma city bombing	As a result of the bombing , the U.S. government passed the Antiterrorism and Effective Death Penalty Act of  1  9  9  6  , which tightened the standards for habeas corpus in the United States , as well as legislation designed to increase the protection around federal buildings to deter future terrorist attacks .	 0 	1
how many people were killed in the oklahoma city bombing	On April  1  9  ,  2  0  0  0  , the Oklahoma City National Memorial was dedicated on the site of the Murrah Federal Building , commemorating the victims of the bombing .	 0 	1
how many people were killed in the oklahoma city bombing	Annual remembrance services are held at the same time of day as the original explosion occurred .	 0 	1
how many xbox  3  6  0  games are there	There are currently  9  5  2  games ( multiplatform :  7  5  1  ; exclusive :  1  2  3  ; console exclusive :  7  8  ) on this list as of April  2  ,  2  0  1  3  .	 1 	1
how many xbox  3  6  0  games are there	Official Xbox  3  6  0  Banner used on game covers from  2  0  0  5 - 2  0  1  0 	 0 	1
how many xbox  3  6  0  games are there	Official Xbox  3  6  0  Banner used on game covers from  2  0  1  0 -present	 0 	1
how many xbox  3  6  0  games are there	This is a list of retail Xbox  3  6  0  games released or planned for release on DVD .	 0 	1
how many xbox  3  6  0  games are there	For a list of downloadable Xbox Live Arcade games , see the List of Xbox Live Arcade games .	 0 	1
how many xbox  3  6  0  games are there	For a list of original Xbox games available to download from the Xbox Live , see the List of Xbox Originals .	 0 	1
how many xbox  3  6  0  games are there	For a chronological list , click the sort button in the 'First released ' column .	 0 	1
how many xbox  3  6  0  games are there	For technical information , such as resolution and install sizes , see the individual games ' page .	 0 	1
how many xbox  3  6  0  games are there	The column `` Exclusive '' indicates whether the Xbox  3  6  0  is the only platform on which the game is available .	 0 	1
how many xbox  3  6  0  games are there	This does not include handheld game consoles or mobile phones which generally run a completely different version of the game under the same name .	 0 	1
how many xbox  3  6  0  games are there	A value of `` Console '' for exclusivity means that , while a title may be available as an arcade game or on a PC using Microsoft Windows , Unix / Linux , or Mac OS X , it is not available on any other video game console in its native version .	 0 	1
how many xbox  3  6  0  games are there	The term `` Multi-platform '' means that the game has appeared on multiple consoles .	 0 	1
how many planets is jupiter away from the sun ?	Jupiter is the fifth planet from the Sun and the largest planet in the Solar System .	 1 	1
how many planets is jupiter away from the sun ?	It is a gas giant with mass one-thousandth that of the Sun but is two and a half times the mass of all the other planets in the Solar System combined .	 0 	1
how many planets is jupiter away from the sun ?	Jupiter is classified as a gas giant along with Saturn , Uranus and Neptune .	 0 	1
how many planets is jupiter away from the sun ?	Together , these four planets are sometimes referred to as the or outer planets .	 0 	1
how many planets is jupiter away from the sun ?	The planet was known by astronomers of ancient times , and was associated with the mythology and religious beliefs of many cultures .	 0 	1
how many planets is jupiter away from the sun ?	The Romans named the planet after the Roman god Jupiter .	 0 	1
how many planets is jupiter away from the sun ?	When viewed from Earth , Jupiter can reach an apparent magnitude of − 2 . 9  4  , making it on average the third-brightest object in the night sky after the Moon and Venus .	 0 	1
how many planets is jupiter away from the sun ?	( Mars can briefly match Jupiter 's brightness at certain points in its orbit . )	 0 	1
how many planets is jupiter away from the sun ?	Jupiter is primarily composed of hydrogen with a quarter of its mass being helium , although helium only comprises about a tenth of the number of molecules .	 0 	1
how many planets is jupiter away from the sun ?	It may also have a rocky core of heavier elements , but like the other gas giants , Jupiter lacks a well-defined solid surface .	 0 	1
how many planets is jupiter away from the sun ?	Because of its rapid rotation , the planet 's shape is that of an oblate spheroid ( it possesses a slight but noticeable bulge around the equator ) .	 0 	1
how many planets is jupiter away from the sun ?	The outer atmosphere is visibly segregated into several bands at different latitudes , resulting in turbulence and storms along their interacting boundaries .	 0 	1
how many planets is jupiter away from the sun ?	A prominent result is the Great Red Spot , a giant storm that is known to have existed since at least the  1  7 th century when it was first seen by telescope .	 0 	1
how many planets is jupiter away from the sun ?	Surrounding Jupiter is a faint planetary ring system and a powerful magnetosphere .	 0 	1
how many planets is jupiter away from the sun ?	There are also at least  6  7  moons , including the four large moons called the Galilean moons that were first discovered by Galileo Galilei in  1  6  1  0  .	 0 	1
how many planets is jupiter away from the sun ?	Ganymede , the largest of these moons , has a diameter greater than that of the planet Mercury .	 0 	1
how many planets is jupiter away from the sun ?	Jupiter has been explored on several occasions by robotic spacecraft , most notably during the early Pioneer and Voyager flyby missions and later by the Galileo orbiter .	 0 	1
how many planets is jupiter away from the sun ?	The most recent probe to visit Jupiter was the Pluto -bound New Horizons spacecraft in late February  2  0  0  7  .	 0 	1
how many planets is jupiter away from the sun ?	The probe used the gravity from Jupiter to increase its speed .	 0 	1
how many planets is jupiter away from the sun ?	Future targets for exploration in the Jovian system include the possible ice-covered liquid ocean on the moon Europa .	 0 	1
what happened on the moon during the period of Late Heavy Bombardment ?	During this event a very large number of the impact craters on the Moon would have formed , and by inference on Earth , Mercury , Venus and Mars as well .	 1 	1
what happened on the moon during the period of Late Heavy Bombardment ?	The Late Heavy Bombardment ( commonly referred to as the lunar cataclysm , or LHB ) is a hypothetical event around  4 . 1  to  3 . 8  billion years ago ( Ga ) .	 0 	1
what happened on the moon during the period of Late Heavy Bombardment ?	( While the LHB is `` late '' in the Solar System 's accretion period when Earth and the other rocky planets formed and gained most of their mass , it is early in Solar System history . )	 0 	1
what happened on the moon during the period of Late Heavy Bombardment ?	The evidence for this event comes primarily from the dating of lunar samples brought back by the Apollo astronauts , which indicates that most impact melt rocks formed in this rather narrow interval of time .	 0 	1
what happened on the moon during the period of Late Heavy Bombardment ?	While many hypotheses have been put forth to explain a spike in the flux of asteroids or comets in the inner Solar System at this time , no consensus yet exists as to its cause .	 0 	1
what happened on the moon during the period of Late Heavy Bombardment ?	The Nice model , popular among planetary scientists , postulates that the gas giant planets underwent orbital migration and forced objects in the asteroid belt and/or Kuiper belt on eccentric orbits that put them in the path of the terrestrial planets .	 0 	1
what happened on the moon during the period of Late Heavy Bombardment ?	Nevertheless , some researchers argue that the lunar sample data do not require a cataclysmic cratering event near  3 . 9  Ga , and that the apparent clustering of impact melt ages near this time is an artifact of sampling material affected by a single large impact basin .	 0 	1
what happened on the moon during the period of Late Heavy Bombardment ?	Artist 's impression of the moon during the Late Heavy Bombardment ( Lunar Cataclysm ) and today	 0 	1
what does the federal reserve do	Its duties have expanded over the years , and today , according to official Federal Reserve documentation , include conducting the nation 's monetary policy , supervising and regulating banking institutions , maintaining the stability of the financial system and providing financial services to depository institutions , the U.S. government , and foreign official institutions .	 1 	1
what does the federal reserve do	The Federal Reserve System ( also known as the Federal Reserve , and informally as the Fed ) is the central banking system of the United States .	 0 	1
what does the federal reserve do	It was created on December  2  3  ,  1  9  1  3  , with the enactment of the Federal Reserve Act , largely in response to a series of financial panics , particularly a severe panic in  1  9  0  7  .	 0 	1
what does the federal reserve do	Over time , the roles and responsibilities of the Federal Reserve System have expanded and its structure has evolved .	 0 	1
what does the federal reserve do	Events such as the Great Depression were major factors leading to changes in the system .	 0 	1
what does the federal reserve do	The US Congress established three key objectives for monetary policy in the Federal Reserve Act : Maximum employment , stable prices , and moderate long-term interest rates .	 0 	1
what does the federal reserve do	The first two objectives are sometimes referred to as the Federal Reserve 's dual mandate .	 0 	1
what does the federal reserve do	The Fed also conducts research into the economy and releases numerous publications , such as the Beige Book .	 0 	1
what does the federal reserve do	The Federal Reserve System 's structure is composed of the presidentially appointed Board of Governors ( or Federal Reserve Board ) , the Federal Open Market Committee ( FOMC ) , twelve regional Federal Reserve Banks located in major cities throughout the nation , numerous privately owned U.S. member banks and various advisory councils .	 0 	1
what does the federal reserve do	The FOMC is the committee responsible for setting monetary policy and consists of all seven members of the Board of Governors and the twelve regional bank presidents , though only five bank presidents vote at any given time ( the president of the New York Fed and four others who rotate through one-year terms ) .	 0 	1
what does the federal reserve do	The Federal Reserve System has both private and public components , and was designed to serve the interests of both the general public and private bankers .	 0 	1
what does the federal reserve do	The result is a structure that is considered unique among central banks .	 0 	1
what does the federal reserve do	It is also unusual in that an entity outside of the central bank , namely the United States Department of the Treasury , creates the currency used .	 0 	1
what does the federal reserve do	According to the Board of Governors , the Federal Reserve System `` is considered an independent central bank because its monetary policy decisions do not have to be approved by the President or anyone else in the executive or legislative branches of government , it does not receive funding appropriated by the Congress , and the terms of the members of the Board of Governors span multiple presidential and congressional terms . ''	 0 	1
what does the federal reserve do	The authority of the Federal Reserve System is derived from statutes enacted by the U.S. Congress and the System is subject to congressional oversight .	 0 	1
what does the federal reserve do	The members of the Board of Governors , including its chairman and vice-chairman , are chosen by the President and confirmed by the Senate .	 0 	1
what does the federal reserve do	The government also exercises some control over the Federal Reserve by appointing and setting the salaries of the system 's highest-level employees .	 0 	1
what does the federal reserve do	Nationally chartered commercial banks are required to hold stock in the Federal Reserve Bank of their region ; this entitles them to elect some of the members of the board of the regional Federal Reserve Bank .	 0 	1
what does the federal reserve do	Thus the Federal Reserve system has both public and private aspects .	 0 	1
what does the federal reserve do	The U.S. Government receives all of the system 's annual profits , after a statutory dividend of  6  % on member banks ' capital investment is paid , and an account surplus is maintained .	 0 	1
what does the federal reserve do	In  2  0  1  0  , the Federal Reserve made a profit of $  8  2  billion and transferred $  7  9  billion to the U.S. Treasury .	 0 	1
what does the federal reserve do	This was followed at the end of  2  0  1  1  with a transfer of $  7  7  billion in profits to the U.S. Treasury Department .	 0 	1
how many nature oceans are on earth	In the context of Earth , it refers to one or all of the major divisions of the planet 's World Ocean – they are , in descending order of area , the Pacific , Atlantic , Indian , Southern ( Antarctic ) , and Arctic Oceans .	 1 	1
how many nature oceans are on earth	Surface of the Atlantic ocean meeting the Earth 's planetary boundary layer and troposphere .	 0 	1
how many nature oceans are on earth	Waves on an ocean coast .	 0 	1
how many nature oceans are on earth	This animation uses Earth science data from a variety of sensors on NASA Earth observing satellites to measure physical oceanography parameters such as ocean currents , ocean winds , sea surface height and sea surface temperature .	 0 	1
how many nature oceans are on earth	An ocean ( ; the World Ocean of classical antiquity ) is a body of saline water that composes a large part of a planet 's hydrosphere .	 0 	1
how many nature oceans are on earth	The word `` sea `` is often used interchangeably with `` ocean '' , but strictly speaking a sea is a body of saline water ( possibly a division of the World Ocean ) partly or fully enclosed by land .	 0 	1
how many nature oceans are on earth	Earth is the only planet known to have an ocean ( or any large amounts of open liquid water ) .	 0 	1
how many nature oceans are on earth	Approximately  7  2  % of the planet 's surface ( ~ 3 . 6 x 1  0  8  km 2  ) is covered by saline water that is customarily divided into several principal oceans and smaller seas , with the ocean covering approximately  7  1  % of the Earth 's surface .	 0 	1
how many nature oceans are on earth	In terms of the hydrosphere of the Earth , the ocean contains  9  7  % of the Earth 's water .	 0 	1
how many nature oceans are on earth	Oceanographers have stated that out of  9  7  % , only  5  % of the ocean as a whole on Earth has been explored .	 0 	1
how many nature oceans are on earth	Because it is the principal component of Earth 's hydrosphere , the world ocean is integral to all known life , forms part of the carbon cycle , and influences climate and weather patterns .	 0 	1
how many nature oceans are on earth	The total volume is approximately  1 . 3  billion cubic kilometres (  3  1  0  million cu mi ) with an average depth of .	 0 	1
how many nature oceans are on earth	It is the habitat of  2  3  0 , 0  0  0  known species , although much of the ocean 's depths remain unexplored and it is estimated that over two million marine species exist .	 0 	1
how many nature oceans are on earth	The origin of Earth 's oceans is still unknown , but oceans are believed to have formed in the Hadean period and may have been the impetus for the emergence of life .	 0 	1
how many nature oceans are on earth	Extraterrestrial oceans may be composed of a wide range of elements and compounds .	 0 	1
how many nature oceans are on earth	The only confirmed large stable bodies of extraterrestrial surface liquids are the lakes of Titan , although there is evidence for the existence of oceans elsewhere in the Solar System .	 0 	1
how many nature oceans are on earth	Early in their geologic histories , Mars and Venus are theorized to have had large water oceans .	 0 	1
how many nature oceans are on earth	The Mars ocean hypothesis suggests that nearly a third of the surface of Mars was once covered by water , though the water on Mars is no longer oceanic , and a runaway greenhouse effect may have boiled away the global ocean of Venus .	 0 	1
how many nature oceans are on earth	Compounds such as salts and ammonia dissolved in water lower its freezing point , so that water might exist in large quantities in extraterrestrial environments as brine or convecting ice .	 0 	1
how many nature oceans are on earth	Unconfirmed oceans are speculated beneath the surface of many dwarf planets and natural satellites ; notably , the ocean of Europa is believed to have over twice the water volume of Earth .	 0 	1
how many nature oceans are on earth	The Solar System 's gas giant planets are also believed to possess liquid atmospheric layers of yet to be confirmed compositions .	 0 	1
how many nature oceans are on earth	Oceans may also exist on exoplanets and exomoons , including surface oceans of liquid water within a circumstellar habitable zone .	 0 	1
how many nature oceans are on earth	Ocean planets are a hypothetical type of planet with a surface completely covered with liquid .	 0 	1
what does a plus-minus sign mean	to indicate the precision of an approximation , or	 1 	2
what does a plus-minus sign mean	to indicate a value that can be of either sign .	 1 	2
what does a plus-minus sign mean	The plus-minus sign ( ) is a mathematical symbol commonly used either	 0 	2
what does a plus-minus sign mean	The sign is normally pronounced `` plus or minus '' .	 0 	2
what does a plus-minus sign mean	In experimental sciences , the sign commonly indicates the confidence interval or error in a measurement , often the standard deviation or standard error .	 0 	2
what does a plus-minus sign mean	The sign may also represent an inclusive range of values that a reading might have .	 0 	2
what does a plus-minus sign mean	In mathematics , it may indicate two possible values : one positive , and one negative .	 0 	2
what does a plus-minus sign mean	It is commonly used in indicating a range of values , such as in mathematical statements .	 0 	2
what does judgment as a matter of law mean	Judgment as a matter of law ( JMOL ) is a motion made by a party , during trial , claiming the opposing party has insufficient evidence to reasonably support its case .	 1 	1
what does judgment as a matter of law mean	JMOL is also known as a directed verdict , which it has replaced in American Federal courts .	 0 	1
what does judgment as a matter of law mean	JMOL is similar to judgment on the pleadings and summary judgment , all of which test the factual sufficiency of a claim .	 0 	1
what does judgment as a matter of law mean	Judgment on the pleadings is a motion made after pleading and before discovery ; summary judgment happens after discovery and before trial ; JMOL occurs during trial .	 0 	1
what does judgment as a matter of law mean	In United States federal courts , JMOL is a creation of Federal Rules of Civil Procedure Rule  5  0  .	 0 	1
what does judgment as a matter of law mean	JMOL is decided by the standard of whether a reasonable jury could find in favor of the party opposing the JMOL motion .	 0 	1
what does judgment as a matter of law mean	If there is no evidence to support a reasonable conclusion for the opposing party , judgment is entered by the court and the case is over .	 0 	1
what does judgment as a matter of law mean	If there is sufficient evidence to make a reasonable conclusion in favor of the opposing party , but there is equally strong evidence to support an opposite conclusion , the party with the burden of persuasion fails .	 0 	1
what does judgment as a matter of law mean	Timing is very important in making a motion for JMOL ; the motion can only be made once the opposing party has presented its case .	 0 	1
what does judgment as a matter of law mean	In civil cases , the plaintiff presents her case , then the defendant presents his/her case , then the plaintiff may present a rebuttal .	 0 	1
what does judgment as a matter of law mean	So , once the plaintiff has presented his/her case , the defendant may move for JMOL , but the plaintiff may not .	 0 	1
what does judgment as a matter of law mean	Once the defendant has finished presenting his/her case , the plaintiff may move for JMOL , and so may the defendant .	 0 	1
what does judgment as a matter of law mean	JMOL motions may also be made after the verdict is returned , where they are called `` renewed '' motions for judgment as a matter of law ( RJMOL ) , but the motion is still commonly known by its former name , judgment notwithstanding verdict , or j.n.o.v . ( from the English judgment and the Latin non obstante veredicto ) .	 0 	1
what does judgment as a matter of law mean	However , in order to move for j.n.o.v. , the movant must have moved for a JMOL before the verdict as well .	 0 	1
what does judgment as a matter of law mean	This procedural quirk is necessary because it is considered a violation of the  7 th amendment for a judge to overturn a jury verdict .	 0 	1
what does judgment as a matter of law mean	Instead , the judge is said in a j.n.o.v . to be reexamining not the verdict , but his previous rejection of JMOL .	 0 	1
what county is Holly Ridge nc in ?	Holly Ridge is a town in Onslow County , North Carolina , United States .	 1 	1
what county is Holly Ridge nc in ?	The  2  0  0  8  estimated population was  9  0  8  .	 0 	1
what county is Holly Ridge nc in ?	It is part of the Jacksonville , North Carolina Metropolitan Statistical Area .	 0 	1
what forms seasons	A season is a subdivision of the year , marked by changes in weather , ecology , and hours of daylight .	 1 	3
what forms seasons	Seasons result from the yearly revolution of the Earth around the Sun and the tilt of the Earth 's axis relative to the plane of revolution .	 1 	3
what forms seasons	It is the tilt of the Earth that causes the Sun to be higher in the sky during the summer months which increases the solar flux .	 1 	3
what forms seasons	In temperate and polar regions , the seasons are marked by changes in the intensity of sunlight that reaches the Earth 's surface , variations of which may cause animals to go into hibernation or to migrate , and plants to be dormant .	 0 	3
what forms seasons	During May , June and July , the northern hemisphere is exposed to more direct sunlight because the hemisphere faces the sun .	 0 	3
what forms seasons	The same is true of the southern hemisphere in November , December and January .	 0 	3
what forms seasons	However , due to seasonal lag , June , July and August are the hottest months in the northern hemisphere and December , January and February are the hottest months in the southern hemisphere .	 0 	3
what forms seasons	In temperate and subpolar regions , generally four calendar -based seasons ( with their adjectives ) are recognized : spring ( vernal ) , summer ( estival ) , autumn ( autumnal ) and winter ( hibernal ) .	 0 	3
what forms seasons	However , ecologists mostly use a six season model for temperate climate regions that includes pre-spring ( prevernal ) and late summer ( serotinal ) as distinct seasons along with the traditional four .	 0 	3
what forms seasons	Hot regions have two or three seasons ; the rainy ( or wet , or monsoon ) season and the dry season , and in some tropical areas , a cool or mild season .	 0 	3
what forms seasons	In some parts of the world , special `` seasons '' are loosely defined based on important events such as a hurricane season , tornado season or a wildfire season .	 0 	3
what forms seasons	The six ecological seasons	 0 	3
what forms seasons	The four calendar seasons , depicted in an ancient Roman mosaic from Tunisia	 0 	3
what kind of literature did john steinbeck writing	As the author of twenty-seven books , including sixteen novels , six non-fiction books , and five collections of short stories , Steinbeck received the Nobel Prize for Literature in  1  9  6  2  .	 1 	1
what kind of literature did john steinbeck writing	John Ernst Steinbeck , Jr. ( February  2  7  ,  1  9  0  2  – December  2  0  ,  1  9  6  8  ) was an American writer .	 0 	1
what kind of literature did john steinbeck writing	He is widely known for the Pulitzer Prize -winning novel The Grapes of Wrath (  1  9  3  9  ) and East of Eden (  1  9  5  2  ) and the novella Of Mice and Men (  1  9  3  7  ) .	 0 	1
whatever happened clint walker	Norman Eugene Walker , known as Clint Walker ( born May  3  0  ,  1  9  2  7  ) , is a retired American actor .	 1 	1
whatever happened clint walker	He is best known for his cowboy role as `` Cheyenne Bodie '' in the western television series , Cheyenne .	 0 	1
what channel is shopnbc on	ShopNBC is an American broadcast and cable home shopping network , owned and operated by ValueVision Media , which is in turn  3  0  % owned by GE Equity and NBC Universal .	 1 	1
what channel is shopnbc on	ShopNBC headquarters is in Eden Prairie , Minnesota .	 0 	1
what channel is shopnbc on	Its main competitors are HSN ( Home Shopping Network ) and QVC .	 0 	1
how post and lintels are used	Post and lintel , `` prop and lintel '' or `` trabeated '' is a simple construction method using a lintel , header , or architrave as the horizontal member over a building void supported at its ends by two vertical columns , , or .	 1 	1
how post and lintels are used	Stonehenge , an example of Neolithic architecture post and lintel construction .	 0 	1
how post and lintels are used	This architectural system and building method has been commonly used for centuries to support the weight of the structure located above the openings created by windows and doors in a bearing wall .	 0 	1
how post and lintels are used	Post and lintel is different than a beam joined between two posts , it must pass over the tops of the supports .	 0 	1
how post and lintels are used	Post-and-beam is a general term for any kind of timber framing .	 0 	1
what hormones produce thyroid	The thyroid hormones , triiodothyronine ( T 3  ) and thyroxine ( T 4  ) , are tyrosine -based hormones produced by the thyroid gland that are primarily responsible for regulation of metabolism .	 1 	1
what hormones produce thyroid	Iodine is necessary for the production of T 3  and T 4  .	 0 	1
what hormones produce thyroid	A deficiency of iodine leads to decreased production of T 3  and T 4  , enlarges the thyroid tissue and will cause the disease known as goitre .	 0 	1
what hormones produce thyroid	The major form of thyroid hormone in the blood is thyroxine ( T 4  ) , which has a longer half-life than T 3  .	 0 	1
what hormones produce thyroid	The ratio of T 4  to T 3  released into the blood is roughly  2  0  to  1  .	 0 	1
what hormones produce thyroid	T 4  is converted to the active T 3  ( three to four times more potent than T 4  ) within cells by deiodinases (  5 '-iodinase ) .	 0 	1
what hormones produce thyroid	These are further processed by decarboxylation and deiodination to produce iodothyronamine ( T 1 a ) and thyronamine ( T 0 a ) .	 0 	1
what hormones produce thyroid	All three isoforms of the deiodinases are selenium-containing enzymes , thus dietary selenium is essential for T 3  production .	 0 	1
how did James Dean die ?	His premature death in a car crash cemented his legendary status .	 1 	1
how did James Dean die ?	James Byron Dean ( February  8  ,  1  9  3  1  – September  3  0  ,  1  9  5  5  ) was an American actor .	 0 	1
how did James Dean die ?	He is a cultural icon of teenage disillusionment , as expressed in the title of his most celebrated film , Rebel Without a Cause (  1  9  5  5  ) , in which he starred as troubled Los Angeles teenager Jim Stark .	 0 	1
how did James Dean die ?	The other two roles that defined his stardom were as loner Cal Trask in East of Eden (  1  9  5  5  ) , and as the surly ranch hand , Jett Rink , in Giant (  1  9  5  6  ) .	 0 	1
how did James Dean die ?	Dean 's enduring fame and popularity rests on his performances in only these three films , all leading roles .	 0 	1
how did James Dean die ?	Dean was the first actor to receive a posthumous Academy Award nomination for Best Actor and remains the only actor to have had two posthumous acting nominations .	 0 	1
how did James Dean die ?	In  1  9  9  9  , the American Film Institute ranked Dean the  1  8 th best male movie star on their AFI 's  1  0  0  Years ...  1  0  0  Stars list .	 0 	1
How Works Diaphragm Pump	A diaphragm pump ( also known as a Membrane pump , Air Operated Double Diaphragm Pump ( AODD ) or Pneumatic Diaphragm Pump ) is a positive displacement pump that uses a combination of the reciprocating action of a rubber , thermoplastic or teflon diaphragm and suitable valves either side of the diaphragm ( check valve , butterfly valves , flap valves , or any other form of shut-off valves ) to pump a fluid .	 1 	1
How Works Diaphragm Pump	Diaphragm pump schematic .	 0 	1
How Works Diaphragm Pump	There are three main types of diaphragm pumps:	 0 	1
How Works Diaphragm Pump	Those in which the diaphragm is sealed with one side in the fluid to be pumped , and the other in air or hydraulic fluid .	 0 	1
How Works Diaphragm Pump	The diaphragm is flexed , causing the volume of the pump chamber to increase and decrease .	 0 	1
How Works Diaphragm Pump	A pair of non-return check valves prevent reverse flow of the fluid .	 0 	1
How Works Diaphragm Pump	Those employing volumetric positive displacement where the prime mover of the diaphragm is electro-mechanical , working through a crank or geared motor drive , or purely mechanical , such as with a lever or handle .	 0 	1
How Works Diaphragm Pump	This method flexes the diaphragm through simple mechanical action , and one side of the diaphragm is open to air .	 0 	1
How Works Diaphragm Pump	Those employing one or more unsealed diaphragms with the fluid to be pumped on both sides .	 0 	1
How Works Diaphragm Pump	The diaphragm ( s ) again are flexed , causing the volume to change .	 0 	1
How Works Diaphragm Pump	When the volume of a chamber of either type of pump is increased ( the diaphragm moving up ) , the pressure decreases , and fluid is drawn into the chamber .	 0 	1
How Works Diaphragm Pump	When the chamber pressure later increases from decreased volume ( the diaphragm moving down ) , the fluid previously drawn in is forced out .	 0 	1
How Works Diaphragm Pump	Finally , the diaphragm moving up once again draws fluid into the chamber , completing the cycle .	 0 	1
How Works Diaphragm Pump	This action is similar to that of the cylinder in an internal combustion engine .	 0 	1
What happened to `` The Glades '' tv series	The show has been renewed for a fourth season .	 1 	1
What happened to `` The Glades '' tv series	The Glades is an A & E Network drama television series created by Clifton Campbell .	 0 	1
What happened to `` The Glades '' tv series	The one-hour drama premiered on Sunday , July  1  1  ,  2  0  1  0  .	 0 	1
What happened to `` The Glades '' tv series	The series stars Matt Passmore as Det . Jim Longworth , a Chicago detective who took a South Florida job with the Florida Department of Law Enforcement ( FDLE ) after being falsely accused of sleeping with his captain 's wife .	 0 	1
What happened to `` The Glades '' tv series	The Glades was renewed by A & E for a third season on October  1  8  ,  2  0  1  1  , which aired from June  3  to August  1  2  ,  2  0  1  2  .	 0 	1
what kind of company is Microsoft ?	Microsoft Corporation is an American multinational software corporation headquartered in Redmond , Washington that develops , manufactures , licenses , and supports a wide range of products and services related to computing .	 1 	1
what kind of company is Microsoft ?	The company was founded by Bill Gates and Paul Allen on April  4  ,  1  9  7  5  .	 0 	1
what kind of company is Microsoft ?	Microsoft is the world 's largest software maker measured by revenues .	 0 	1
what kind of company is Microsoft ?	It is also one of the world 's most valuable companies .	 0 	1
what kind of company is Microsoft ?	Microsoft was established to develop and sell BASIC interpreters for the Altair  8  8  0  0  .	 0 	1
what kind of company is Microsoft ?	It rose to dominate the personal computer operating system market with MS-DOS in the mid- 1  9  8  0 s , followed by the Microsoft Windows line of operating systems .	 0 	1
what kind of company is Microsoft ?	The company 's  1  9  8  6  initial public offering , and subsequent rise in its share price , created an estimated three billionaires and  1  2 , 0  0  0  millionaires from Microsoft employees .	 0 	1
what kind of company is Microsoft ?	Since the  1  9  9  0 s , it has increasingly diversified from the operating system market and has made a number of corporate acquisitions .	 0 	1
what kind of company is Microsoft ?	In May  2  0  1  1  , Microsoft acquired Skype Technologies for $  8 . 5  billion in its largest acquisition to date .	 0 	1
what kind of company is Microsoft ?	As of  2  0  1  3  , Microsoft is market dominant in both the PC operating system and office suite markets ( the latter with Microsoft Office ) .	 0 	1
what kind of company is Microsoft ?	The company also produces a wide range of other software for desktops and servers , and is active in areas including internet search ( with Bing ) , the video game industry ( with the Xbox and Xbox  3  6  0  consoles ) , the digital services market ( through MSN ) , and mobile phones ( via the Windows Phone OS ) .	 0 	1
what kind of company is Microsoft ?	In June  2  0  1  2  , Microsoft announced that it would be entering the PC vendor market for the first time , with the launch of the Microsoft Surface tablet computer .	 0 	1
what kind of company is Microsoft ?	In the  1  9  9  0 s , critics began to contend that Microsoft used monopolistic business practices and anti-competitive strategies including refusal to deal and tying , put unreasonable restrictions in the use of its software , and used misrepresentative marketing tactics ; both the U.S. Department of Justice and European Commission found the company in violation of antitrust laws .	 0 	1
what area code is  9  4  9 	Area code  9  4  9  is an area code in California that is contained mostly within South Orange County .	 1 	1
what area code is  9  4  9 	The map to the right is now clickable ; click on an area code to go to the page for that area code .	 0 	1
what area code is  9  4  9 	The area code in red is Area Code  9  4  9  ; all others in blue are California area codes .	 0 	1
what area code is  9  4  9 	It also includes a small adjacent area of northwest San Diego County , specifically parts of Marine Corps Base Camp Pendleton and San Onofre State Park .	 0 	1
what area code is  9  4  9 	On April  1  8  ,  1  9  9  8  , the southern cities of Orange County were split from  7  1  4  , creating area code  9  4  9  .	 0 	1
what area code is  9  4  9 	It includes some of the wealthiest communities in the United States ; including such cities as Newport Beach , Irvine , Lake Forest , Portola Hills , Coto de Caza , Dove Canyon , Aliso Viejo , Trabuco Canyon , Capistrano Beach , Corona Del Mar , Laguna Niguel , Laguna Hills , Laguna Woods , Newport Coast , Foothill Ranch , Robinson Ranch , Mission Viejo , San Juan Capistrano , Rancho Santa Margarita , Ladera Ranch , Dana Point , Laguna Beach , and San Clemente .	 0 	1
what area code is  9  4  9 	Costa Mesa is shared between the  9  4  9  and  7  1  4  area codes , being split at Wilson Street and along Newport Boulevard .	 0 	1
what area code is  9  4  9 	A very small portion of Irvine is also in the  7  1  4  area code , from the north side of Culver Drive at the I- 5  to Jamboree Road in the Marketplace , in the neighborhood of Northpark Irvine .	 0 	1
who sings the song never ending story	The English version was performed by Limahl and Beth Anderson ; the French version was performed by Limahl and Ann Calvert .	 1 	1
who sings the song never ending story	`` The NeverEnding Story '' ( titled `` The NeverEnding Story ( L'histoire sans fin ) '' in the French version ) is the title song from the English version of the  1  9  8  4  film The NeverEnding Story .	 0 	1
who sings the song never ending story	It was a success in many countries , reaching No .  1  Norway and Sweden , No .  2  in Austria , Germany and Italy , No .  4  in the UK and No .  6  in the US Billboard Adult Contemporary chart .	 0 	1
what are risk for infections	Risk of infection is a nursing diagnosis which is defined as `` the state in which an individual is at risk to be invaded by an opportunistic or pathogenic agent ( virus , fungus , bacteria , protozoa , or other parasite ) from endogenous or exogenous sources '' and was approved by NANDA in  1  9  8  6  .	 1 	1
what are risk for infections	Although anyone can become infected by a pathogen , patients with this diagnosis are at an elevated risk and extra infection controls should be considered .	 0 	1
who discovered neptune the planet	With a prediction by Urbain Le Verrier , telescopic observations confirming the existence of a major planet were made on the night of September  2  3 – 2  4  ,  1  8  4  6  , at the Berlin Observatory , by astronomer Johann Gottfried Galle ( assisted by Heinrich Louis d'Arrest ) , working from Le Verrier 's calculations .	 1 	1
who discovered neptune the planet	New Berlin Observatory at Linden Street , where Neptune was discovered observationally .	 0 	1
who discovered neptune the planet	The planet Neptune was mathematically predicted before it was directly observed .	 0 	1
who discovered neptune the planet	It was a sensational moment of  1  9 th century science and dramatic confirmation of Newtonian gravitational theory .	 0 	1
who discovered neptune the planet	In François Arago 's apt phrase , Le Verrier had discovered a planet `` with the point of his pen '' .	 0 	1
who discovered neptune the planet	In retrospect , after it was discovered it turned out it had been observed many times before but not recognized , and there were others who made various calculations about its location , which did not lead to its observation .	 0 	1
who discovered neptune the planet	By  1  8  4  6  the planet Uranus had completed nearly one full orbit since its discovery by William Herschel in  1  7  8  1  , and astronomers had detected a series of irregularities in its path which could not be entirely explained by Newton 's law of gravitation .	 0 	1
who discovered neptune the planet	These irregularities could , however , be resolved if the gravity of a farther , unknown planet were disturbing its path around the Sun .	 0 	1
who discovered neptune the planet	In  1  8  4  5  astronomers Urbain Le Verrier in Paris and John Couch Adams in Cambridge separately began calculations to determine the nature and position of such a planet .	 0 	1
who discovered neptune the planet	Unfortunately , Le Verrier 's triumph also led to a tense international dispute over priority , as , shortly after the discovery , George Airy , at the time British Astronomer Royal , announced that Adams had also predicted the discovery of the planet .	 0 	1
who discovered neptune the planet	Nevertheless , the Royal Society awarded Le Verrier the Copley medal in  1  8  4  6  for his achievement , without mention of Adams .	 0 	1
who discovered neptune the planet	The discovery of Neptune led to the discovery of its moon Triton by William Lassell just seventeen days later .	 0 	1
what separates me from you album	What Separates Me from You is the fourth studio album by American metalcore / pop punk band A Day to Remember .	 1 	1
what separates me from you album	Originally set for release on October  2  6  ,  2  0  1  0  , the album was delayed until November  1  5  ,  2  0  1  0  , in the United Kingdom and the proceeding day in the United States .	 0 	1
what separates me from you album	It featured a greater use of clean vocals and more of a pop punk style than the band 's previous releases .	 0 	1
what separates me from you album	The album was recorded at Wade Studios in Ocala , Florida , from May to July  2  0  1  0  .	 0 	1
what separates me from you album	It was mixed by David Bendeth , mastered by Ted Jensen , and produced by Chad Gilbert of New Found Glory and Andrew Wade , who also produced the band 's previous album , Homesick (  2  0  0  9  ) .	 0 	1
what separates me from you album	It was the first album featuring Kevin Skaff on guitar , following Tom Denney 's departue after Homesick .	 0 	1
what separates me from you album	`` All I Want `` was released as What Separates Me from Yous first single .	 0 	1
what separates me from you album	It reached number  1  2  on US Alternative Songs and number  2  5  on Rock Songs .	 0 	1
what separates me from you album	The album debuted on the US Billboard  2  0  0  at number  1  1  with  5  8 , 0  0  0  first week sales , becoming A Day to Remember 's personal best , as Homesick peaked at number  2  1  .	 0 	1
what separates me from you album	What Separates Me from You was met with critical success , with critics praising the album 's sound .	 0 	1
what separates me from you album	The band toured worldwide in support of the release .	 0 	1
when did freddie mercury die	Freddie Mercury ( born Farrokh Bulsara ; Gujarati : ફરોખ બલ્સારા‌ , Pharōkh Balsārā‌ ) ;  5  September  1  9  4  6  –  2  4  November  1  9  9  1  ) was a British musician , singer and songwriter , best known as the lead vocalist and lyricist of the rock band Queen .	 1 	1
when did freddie mercury die	As a performer , he was known for his flamboyant stage persona and powerful vocals over a four- octave range .	 0 	1
when did freddie mercury die	As a songwriter , Mercury composed many hits for Queen , including `` Bohemian Rhapsody `` , `` Killer Queen `` , `` Somebody to Love `` , `` Do n't Stop Me Now `` , `` Crazy Little Thing Called Love `` and `` We Are the Champions `` .	 0 	1
when did freddie mercury die	In addition to his work with Queen , he led a solo career , and also occasionally served as a producer and guest musician ( piano or vocals ) for other artists .	 0 	1
when did freddie mercury die	He died of bronchopneumonia brought on by AIDS on  2  4  November  1  9  9  1  , only one day after publicly acknowledging he had the disease .	 0 	1
when did freddie mercury die	Mercury was a Parsi born in Zanzibar and grew up there and in India until his mid-teens .	 0 	1
when did freddie mercury die	He has been referred to as `` Britain 's first Asian rock star '' .	 0 	1
when did freddie mercury die	In  2  0  0  2  , Mercury was placed at number  5  8  in the BBC 's poll of the  1  0  0  Greatest Britons , in  2  0  0  6  , Time Asia named him one of the most influential Asian heroes of the past  6  0  years , and he continues to be voted one of the greatest singers in the history of popular music .	 0 	1
when did freddie mercury die	In  2  0  0  5  , a poll organised by Blender and MTV 2  saw Mercury voted the greatest male singer of all time .	 0 	1
when did freddie mercury die	In  2  0  0  8  , Rolling Stone editors ranked him number  1  8  on their list of the  1  0  0  greatest singers of all time .	 0 	1
when did freddie mercury die	In  2  0  0  9  , a Classic Rock poll saw him voted the greatest rock singer of all time .	 0 	1
when did freddie mercury die	Allmusic has characterised Mercury as `` one of rock 's greatest all-time entertainers '' , who possessed `` one of the greatest voices in all of music '' .	 0 	1
what tensions preceded the berlin blockade	Their aim was to force the western powers to allow the Soviet zone to start supplying Berlin with food and fuel , thereby giving the Soviets practical control over the entire city .	 1 	1
what tensions preceded the berlin blockade	Berliners watching a C- 5  4  land at Tempelhof Airport (  1  9  4  8  )	 0 	1
what tensions preceded the berlin blockade	The Berlin blockade (  2  4  June  1  9  4  8  –  1  2  May  1  9  4  9  ) was one of the first major international crises of the Cold War .	 0 	1
what tensions preceded the berlin blockade	During the multinational occupation of post–World War II Germany , the Soviet Union blocked the Western Allies ' railway , road , and canal access to the sectors of Berlin under Allied control .	 0 	1
what tensions preceded the berlin blockade	In response , the Western Allies organized the Berlin airlift to carry supplies to the people in West Berlin .	 0 	1
what tensions preceded the berlin blockade	Aircrews from the United States Air Force , the British Royal Air Force , the Royal Australian Air Force , the Royal Canadian Air Force , the Royal New Zealand Air Force , and the South African Air Force flew over  2  0  0 , 0  0  0  flights in one year , providing up to  4  7  0  0  tons of daily necessities such as fuel and food to the Berliners .	 0 	1
what tensions preceded the berlin blockade	By the spring of  1  9  4  9  , the effort was clearly succeeding and , by April , the airlift was delivering more cargo than had previously been transported into the city by rail .	 0 	1
what tensions preceded the berlin blockade	The success of the Berlin Airlift brought embarrassment to the Soviets who had refused to believe it could make a difference .	 0 	1
what tensions preceded the berlin blockade	The blockade was lifted in May  1  9  4  9  and resulted in the creation of two separate German states .	 0 	1
what tensions preceded the berlin blockade	The Federal Republic of Germany ( West Germany ) and the German Democratic Republic ( East Germany ) split up Berlin .	 0 	1
what tensions preceded the berlin blockade	In remembrance of the airlift , three airports in the former western zones of the city served as the primary gateways to Germany for another fifty years .	 0 	1
who sang proud mary	`` Proud Mary '' is a rock song written by American singer-songwriter and multi-instrumentalist John Fogerty , and recorded by his band Creedence Clearwater Revival .	 1 	1
who sang proud mary	The song was released as a single from the band 's second studio album , Bayou Country , both released by Fantasy Records in January  1  9  6  9  ( although another reference related to album liner notes says just before Christmas , which would imply December  1  9  6  8  ) .	 0 	1
who sang proud mary	The song became a hit in the United States , peaking at #  2  on the Billboard Hot  1  0  0  in March  1  9  6  9  , the first of five non-consecutive singles to peak at #  2  for the group .	 0 	1
what percentage of the human body is water	Arthur Guyton 's Textbook of Medical Physiology states that `` the total amount of water in a man of average weight (  7  0  kilograms ) is approximately  4  0  litres , averaging  5  7  percent of his total body weight .	 1 	1
what percentage of the human body is water	In physiology , body water is the water content of the human body .	 0 	1
what percentage of the human body is water	A significant fraction of the human body is water .	 0 	1
what percentage of the human body is water	In a newborn infant , this may be as high as  7  5  percent of the body weight , but it progressively decreases from birth to old age , most of the decrease occurring during the first  1  0  years of life .	 0 	1
what percentage of the human body is water	Also , obesity decreases the percentage of water in the body , sometimes to as low as  4  5  percent '' .	 0 	1
what percentage of the human body is water	These figures are statistical averages , so are illustrative , and like all biostatistics , will vary with things like type of population , age and number of people sampled , and methodology .	 0 	1
what percentage of the human body is water	So there is not , and can not be , a figure that is exactly the same for all people , for this or any other physiological measure .	 0 	1
what percentage of the human body is water	For example , Jackson 's (  1  9  8  5  ) Anatomy & Physiology for Nurses gives a figure of  6  0  % for the proportion of body-weight attributable to water , which approximates Guyton 's  5  7  % .	 0 	1
what percentage of the human body is water	In diseased states where body water is affected , the compartment or compartments that have changed can give clues to the nature of the problem .	 0 	1
what percentage of the human body is water	Body water is regulated by hormones , including anti-diuretic hormone ( ADH ) , aldosterone and atrial natriuretic peptide .	 0 	1
what percentage of the human body is water	Per Netter 's Atlas of Human Physiology , body water is broken down into the following compartments:	 0 	1
what percentage of the human body is water	Intracellular fluid (  2 / 3  of body water ) .	 0 	1
what percentage of the human body is water	Per Guyton , in a body containing  4  0  litres of fluid , about  2  5  litres is intracellular , which amounts to  6  2 . 5  % (  5 / 8  ) , close enough to the  2 / 3  rule of thumb .	 0 	1
what percentage of the human body is water	Jackson 's texts states  7  0  % of body fluid is intracellular .	 0 	1
what percentage of the human body is water	Extracellular fluid (  1 / 3  of body water ) .	 0 	1
what percentage of the human body is water	Per Guyton 's illustration , for a  4  0  litre body , about  1  5  litres is extracellular , which amounts to  3  7 . 5  % Again , this is close to the  1 / 3  rule of thumb cited here .	 0 	1
what percentage of the human body is water	Plasma (  1 / 5  of extracellular fluid ) .	 0 	1
what percentage of the human body is water	Per Guyton 's illustration , of the  1  5  litres of extracellular fluid , plasma volume averages  3  litres .	 0 	1
what percentage of the human body is water	This amounts to  2  0  % , the same as per Netter 's Atlas .	 0 	1
what percentage of the human body is water	Interstitial fluid (  4 / 5  of extracellular fluid )	 0 	1
what percentage of the human body is water	Transcellular fluid ( a.k.a . `` third space , '' normally ignored in calculations )	 0 	1
what percentage of the human body is water	Contained inside organs , such as the gastrointestinal , cerebrospinal , peritoneal , and ocular fluids .	 0 	1
what part of the pre-world war  1  arms race was the most intense ?	The causes of World War I , which began in central Europe in late July  1  9  1  4  and finished in  1  9  1  8  , included many factors , such as the conflicts and hostility of the four decades leading up to the war .	 1 	1
what part of the pre-world war  1  arms race was the most intense ?	Personifications of Germany , France , Russia , Austria-Hungary , and the United Kingdom attempting to keep the lid on the simmering cauldron of imperialist and nationalist tensions in the Balkans to prevent a general European war .	 0 	1
what part of the pre-world war  1  arms race was the most intense ?	They were successful in  1  9  1  2  and  1  9  1  3  but did not succeed in in  1  9  1  4  .	 0 	1
what part of the pre-world war  1  arms race was the most intense ?	Militarism , alliances , imperialism , and nationalism played major roles in the conflict as well .	 0 	1
what part of the pre-world war  1  arms race was the most intense ?	The immediate origins of the war , however , lay in the decisions taken by statesmen and generals during the Crisis of  1  9  1  4  , casus belli for which was the assassination of Archduke Franz Ferdinand ( the Archduke of Austria Hungary ) and his wife Sophie by Gavrilo Princip , an irredentist Serb .	 0 	1
what part of the pre-world war  1  arms race was the most intense ?	The crisis came after a long and difficult series of diplomatic clashes between the Great Powers ( Italy , France , Germany , the British Empire , the Austria-Hungarian Empire and Russia ) over European and colonial issues in the decade before  1  9  1  4  that had left tensions high .	 0 	1
what part of the pre-world war  1  arms race was the most intense ?	In turn these diplomatic clashes can be traced to changes in the balance of power in Europe since  1  8  6  7  .	 0 	1
what part of the pre-world war  1  arms race was the most intense ?	The more immediate cause for the war was tensions over territory in the Balkans .	 0 	1
what part of the pre-world war  1  arms race was the most intense ?	Austria-Hungary competed with Serbia and Russia for territory and influence in the region and they pulled the rest of the Great Powers into the conflict through their various alliances and treaties .	 0 	1
what part of the pre-world war  1  arms race was the most intense ?	Although the chain of events unleashed by the assassination triggered the war , the war 's origins go deeper , involving national politics , cultures , economics , and a complex web of alliances and counterbalances that had developed between the various European powers since  1  8  7  0  .	 0 	1
what part of the pre-world war  1  arms race was the most intense ?	Some of the most important long term or structural causes are : the growth of nationalism across Europe , unresolved territorial disputes , an intricate system of alliances , the perceived breakdown of the balance of power in Europe , convoluted and fragmented governance , the arms races of the previous decades , previous military planning , imperial and colonial rivalry for wealth , power and prestige , and economic and military rivalry in industry and trade – e.g. , the Pig War between Austria and Serbia .	 0 	1
what part of the pre-world war  1  arms race was the most intense ?	Other causes that came into play during the diplomatic crisis that preceded the war included misperceptions of intent ( e.g. , the German belief that the United Kingdom would remain neutral ) and delays and misunderstandings in diplomatic communications .	 0 	1
what part of the pre-world war  1  arms race was the most intense ?	The various categories of explanation for World War I correspond to different historians ' overall methods .	 0 	1
what part of the pre-world war  1  arms race was the most intense ?	Most historians and popular commentators include causes from more than one category of explanation to provide a rounded account of the causes of the war .	 0 	1
what part of the pre-world war  1  arms race was the most intense ?	The deepest distinction among these accounts is between stories that see it as the inevitable and predictable outcome of certain factors , and those that describe it as an arbitrary and unfortunate mistake .	 0 	1
what part of the pre-world war  1  arms race was the most intense ?	In attributing causes for the war , historians and academics had to deal with an unprecedented flood of memoirs and official documents , released as each country involved tried to avoid blame for starting the war .	 0 	1
what part of the pre-world war  1  arms race was the most intense ?	Early releases of information by governments , particularly those released for use by the `` Commission on the Responsibility of the Authors of the War '' were shown to be incomplete and biased .	 0 	1
what part of the pre-world war  1  arms race was the most intense ?	In addition some documents , especially diplomatic cables between Russia and France , were found to have been doctored .	 0 	1
what part of the pre-world war  1  arms race was the most intense ?	Even in later decades however , when much more information had been released , historians from the same culture have been shown to come to differing conclusions on the causes of the war .	 0 	1
what are the three primary colors in the subtractive color model	The overlapping subtractive yellow , cyan and red ( magenta ) image elements can clearly be seen .	 1 	1
what are the three primary colors in the subtractive color model	Subtractive color mixing	 0 	1
what are the three primary colors in the subtractive color model	An  1  8  7  7  color photo by Louis Ducos du Hauron , a French pioneer of color photography .	 0 	1
what are the three primary colors in the subtractive color model	A subtractive color model explains the mixing of a limited set of dyes , inks , paint pigments or natural colorants to create a wider range of colors , each the result of partially or completely subtracting ( that is , absorbing ) some wavelengths of light and not others .	 0 	1
what are the three primary colors in the subtractive color model	The color that a surface displays depends on which parts of the visible spectrum are not absorbed and therefore remain visible .	 0 	1
what are the three primary colors in the subtractive color model	Subtractive color systems start with light , presumably white light .	 0 	1
what are the three primary colors in the subtractive color model	Colored inks , paints , or filters between the viewer and the light source or reflective surface subtract wavelengths from the light , giving it color .	 0 	1
what are the three primary colors in the subtractive color model	If the incident light is other than white , our visual mechanisms are able to compensate well , but not perfectly , often giving a flawed impression of the `` true '' color of the surface .	 0 	1
what are the three primary colors in the subtractive color model	Conversely , additive color systems start with darkness .	 0 	1
what are the three primary colors in the subtractive color model	Light sources of various wavelengths are added in various proportions to produce a range of colors .	 0 	1
what are the three primary colors in the subtractive color model	The component lights may be inherently colored or simply white light that has passed through suitable subtractive color filters ; their combination is an additive one in either case .	 0 	1
what are the three primary colors in the subtractive color model	Usually , three primary colors are combined to stimulate humans’ trichromatic color vision , sensed by the three types of cone cells in the eye , giving an apparently full range .	 0 	1
what is  6  pin din connector	The mini-DIN connectors are a family of multi-pin electrical connectors used in a variety of applications .	 1 	1
what is  6  pin din connector	Mini-DIN is similar to the larger , older DIN connector .	 0 	1
what is  6  pin din connector	Both are standards of the Deutsches Institut für Normung , the German standards body .	 0 	1
what are the uses for gui	GUIs can be used in computers , hand-held devices such as MP 3  players , portable media players or gaming devices , household appliances , office , and industry equipment .	 1 	1
what are the uses for gui	A screenshot of the GNOME Shell GUI .	 0 	1
what are the uses for gui	The Xerox Alto was the first to use a graphical user interface .	 0 	1
what are the uses for gui	In computing , graphical user interface ( GUI , sometimes pronounced 'gooey ' ) is a type of user interface that allows users to interact with electronic devices using images rather than text commands .	 0 	1
what are the uses for gui	A GUI represents the information and actions available to a user through graphical icons and visual indicators such as secondary notation , as opposed to text-based interfaces , typed command labels or text navigation .	 0 	1
what are the uses for gui	The actions are usually performed through direct manipulation of the graphical elements .	 0 	1
what are the uses for gui	The term GUI is restricted to the scope of two-dimensional display screens with display resolutions able to describe generic information , in the tradition of the computer science research at the PARC ( Palo Alto Research Center ) .	 0 	1
what are the uses for gui	The term GUI is not usually applied to other low-resolution types of interfaces that are non-generic , such as video games ( where HUD is preferred ) , or not restricted to flat screens , like volumetric displays .	 0 	1
what are banana plugs for	A banana connector ( commonly banana plug for the male , banana socket or banana jack for the female ) is a single- wire ( one conductor ) electrical connector used for joining wires to equipment .	 1 	1
what are banana plugs for	Adapter between a female BNC connector and banana plugs	 0 	1
what are banana plugs for	Audiophile banana plugs connected to a loudspeaker	 0 	1
what are banana plugs for	The term  4  mm connector is also used , especially in Europe , although not all banana connectors will mate with  4  mm parts .	 0 	1
what are banana plugs for	The plugs are frequently used to terminate patch cords for electronic test equipment .	 0 	1
what are banana plugs for	They are also often used as the plugs on the cables connecting the amplifier to the loudspeakers in hi-fi sound systems .	 0 	1
what are banana plugs for	The plug was invented in  1  9  2  4  by Richard Hirschmann ( former Richard Hirschmann GmbH & Co . ) .	 0 	1
when did the trojan war take place	The ancient Greeks thought that the Trojan War was a historical event that had taken place in the  1  3 th or  1  2 th century BC , and believed that Troy was located in modern-day Turkey near the Dardanelles .	 1 	1
when did the trojan war take place	In Greek mythology , the Trojan War was waged against the city of Troy by the Achaeans ( Greeks ) after Paris of Troy took Helen from her husband Menelaus king of Sparta .	 0 	1
when did the trojan war take place	The war is one of the most important events in Greek mythology and has been narrated through many works of Greek literature , most notably through Homer 's Iliad and the Odyssey .	 0 	1
when did the trojan war take place	The Iliad relates a part of the last year of the siege of Troy ; the Odyssey describes Odysseus 's journey home .	 0 	1
when did the trojan war take place	Other parts of the war are contained in a cycle of epic poems , which have survived through fragments .	 0 	1
when did the trojan war take place	Episodes from the war provided material for Greek tragedy and other works of Greek literature , and for Roman poets including Virgil and Ovid .	 0 	1
when did the trojan war take place	The war originated from a quarrel between the goddesses Athena , Hera , and Aphrodite , after Eris , the goddess of strife and discord , gave them a golden apple , sometimes known as the Apple of Discord , marked `` for the fairest '' .	 0 	1
when did the trojan war take place	Zeus sent the goddesses to Paris , who judged that Aphrodite , as the `` fairest '' , should receive the apple .	 0 	1
when did the trojan war take place	In exchange , Aphrodite made Helen , the most beautiful of all women and wife of Menelaus , fall in love with Paris , who took her to Troy .	 0 	1
when did the trojan war take place	Agamemnon , king of Mycenae and the brother of Helen 's husband Menelaus , led an expedition of Achaean troops to Troy and besieged the city for ten years because of Paris ' insult .	 0 	1
when did the trojan war take place	After the deaths of many heroes , including the Achaeans Achilles and Ajax , and the Trojans Hector and Paris , the city fell to the ruse of the Trojan Horse .	 0 	1
when did the trojan war take place	The Achaeans slaughtered the Trojans ( except for some of the women and children whom they kept or sold as slaves ) and desecrated the temples , thus earning the gods ' wrath .	 0 	1
when did the trojan war take place	Few of the Achaeans returned safely to their homes and many founded colonies in distant shores .	 0 	1
when did the trojan war take place	The Romans later traced their origin to Aeneas , one of the Trojans , who was said to have led the surviving Trojans to modern-day Italy .	 0 	1
when did the trojan war take place	By modern times , both the war and the city were widely believed to be non-historical .	 0 	1
when did the trojan war take place	In  1  8  6  8  , however , the German archaeologist Heinrich Schliemann met Frank Calvert , who convinced Schliemann that Troy was at Hissarlik and Schliemann took over Calvert 's excavations on property belonging to Calvert ; this claim is now accepted by most scholars .	 0 	1
when did the trojan war take place	Whether there is any historical reality behind the Trojan War is an open question .	 0 	1
when did the trojan war take place	Many scholars believe that there is a historical core to the tale , though this may simply mean that the Homeric stories are a fusion of various tales of sieges and expeditions by Mycenaean Greeks during the Bronze Age .	 0 	1
when did the trojan war take place	Those who believe that the stories of the Trojan War are derived from a specific historical conflict usually date it to the  1  2 th or  1  1 th centuries BC , often preferring the dates given by Eratosthenes ,  1  1  9  4 – 1  1  8  4  BC , which roughly corresponds with archaeological evidence of a catastrophic burning of Troy VIIa .	 0 	1
when did the free soilers party start ?	The Free Soil Party was a short-lived political party in the United States active in the  1  8  4  8  and  1  8  5  2  presidential elections , and in some state elections .	 1 	1
when did the free soilers party start ?	Founded in Buffalo , New York , it was a third party and a single-issue party that largely appealed to and drew its greatest strength from New York State .	 0 	1
when did the free soilers party start ?	The party leadership consisted of former anti-slavery members of the Whig Party and the Democratic Party .	 0 	1
when did the free soilers party start ?	Its main purpose was opposing the expansion of slavery into the western territories , arguing that free men on free soil comprised a morally and economically superior system to slavery .	 0 	1
when did the free soilers party start ?	They opposed slavery in the new territories ( agreeing with the Wilmot proviso ) and sometimes worked to remove existing laws that discriminated against freed African Americans in states such as Ohio .	 0 	1
when did the free soilers party start ?	The party membership was largely absorbed by the Republican Party in  1  8  5  4  .	 0 	1
when did steven adler play for guns and roses	He is best known as the former drummer and co-songwriter of the hard rock band Guns N ' Roses , with whom he achieved worldwide success in the late  1  9  8  0 s .	 1 	1
when did steven adler play for guns and roses	Steven Adler ( born Michael Coletti ; January  2  2  ,  1  9  6  5  ) is an American musician .	 0 	1
when did steven adler play for guns and roses	Adler was fired from Guns N ' Roses over his heroin addiction in  1  9  9  0  , following which he reformed his old band Road Crew and briefly joined BulletBoys , which both proved unsuccessful .	 0 	1
when did steven adler play for guns and roses	During the  2  0  0  0 s , Adler was the drummer of the band Adler 's Appetite , and since  2  0  1  2  , he has held the same position in the band Adler .	 0 	1
when did steven adler play for guns and roses	He appeared on the second and fifth seasons of the reality TV show Celebrity Rehab with Dr. Drew , as well as on the first season of its spin-off Sober House .	 0 	1
who sings stand by me	`` Stand by Me '' is a song originally performed by Ben E. King and written by King , Jerry Leiber , and Mike Stoller , inspired by the spiritual `` Lord Stand by Me , '' plus two lines rooted in Psalms  4  6 : 2 – 3  .	 1 	1
who sings stand by me	There have been over  4  0  0  recorded versions of the song .	 0 	1
what year was elvis born	Elvis Aaron Presley ( January  8  ,  1  9  3  5  – August  1  6  ,  1  9  7  7  ) was an American singer and actor .	 1 	1
what year was elvis born	A cultural icon , he is commonly known by the single name Elvis .	 0 	1
what year was elvis born	One of the most popular musicians of the  2  0 th century , he is often referred to as the `` King of Rock and Roll '' or `` the King '' .	 0 	1
what year was elvis born	Born in Tupelo , Mississippi , Presley moved to Memphis , Tennessee , with his family at the age of  1  3  .	 0 	1
what year was elvis born	He began his career there in  1  9  5  4  , working with Sun Records owner Sam Phillips , who wanted to bring the sound of African-American music to a wider audience .	 0 	1
what year was elvis born	Accompanied by guitarist Scotty Moore and bassist Bill Black , Presley was the most important popularizer of rockabilly , an uptempo , backbeat -driven fusion of country and rhythm and blues .	 0 	1
what year was elvis born	RCA Victor acquired his contract in a deal arranged by Colonel Tom Parker , who went on to manage the singer for over two decades .	 0 	1
what year was elvis born	Presley 's first RCA single , `` Heartbreak Hotel `` , released in January  1  9  5  6  , was a number-one hit .	 0 	1
what year was elvis born	He became the leading figure of the newly popular sound of rock and roll with a series of network television appearances and chart-topping records .	 0 	1
what year was elvis born	His energized interpretations of songs , many from African-American sources , and his uninhibited performance style made him enormously popular—and controversial .	 0 	1
what year was elvis born	In November  1  9  5  6  , he made his film debut in Love Me Tender .	 0 	1
what year was elvis born	Drafted into military service in  1  9  5  8  , Presley relaunched his recording career two years later with some of his most commercially successful work .	 0 	1
what year was elvis born	He staged few concerts however , and guided by Parker , proceeded to devote much of the  1  9  6  0 s to making Hollywood movies and soundtrack albums , most of them critically derided .	 0 	1
what year was elvis born	In  1  9  6  8  , after seven years away from the stage , he returned to live performance in a celebrated comeback television special that led to an extended Las Vegas concert residency and a string of profitable tours .	 0 	1
what year was elvis born	In  1  9  7  3  Presley staged the first concert broadcast globally via satellite , Aloha from Hawaii .	 0 	1
what year was elvis born	Prescription drug abuse severely deteriorated his health , and he died suddenly in  1  9  7  7  at the age of  4  2  .	 0 	1
what year was elvis born	Presley is regarded as one of the most important figures of  2  0 th-century popular culture .	 0 	1
what year was elvis born	He had a versatile voice and unusually wide success encompassing many genres , including country , pop ballads , gospel , and blues .	 0 	1
what year was elvis born	He is the best-selling solo artist in the history of popular music .	 0 	1
what year was elvis born	Nominated for  1  4  competitive Grammys , he won three , and received the Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award at age  3  6  .	 0 	1
what year was elvis born	He has been inducted into multiple music halls of fame .	 0 	1
what are the arb medications	Angiotensin receptor blocker ( antagonist ) , a medication for treating high blood pressure	 1 	1
what are the arb medications	ARB or ARb may stand for:	 0 	1
what are the arb medications	Medicine:	 0 	1
what are the arb medications	Military:	 0 	1
what are the arb medications	Administrative Review Board , conduct annual hearings , to determine whether captives held in the Guantanamo Bay detention camps continue to represent a threat to the USA 's national security	 0 	1
what are the arb medications	Air Reserve base , a United States Air Force base converted for use by the Reserves	 0 	1
what are the arb medications	ARb , the United States Navy hull classification symbol for `` base repair ship ``	 0 	1
what are the arb medications	ARB , the United States Navy hull classification symbol for `` battle damage repair ship ``	 0 	1
what are the arb medications	Politics:	 0 	1
what are the arb medications	Armee Revolutionnaire Bretonne ( Breton Revolutionary Army ) , an armed Breton Nationalist secret society that has attacked France .	 0 	1
what are the arb medications	Architecture	 0 	1
what are the arb medications	Architects Registration Board , for which see Architects Registration in the United Kingdom	 0 	1
what are the arb medications	Science , technology , and engineering:	 0 	1
what are the arb medications	Arbitrary unit	 0 	1
what are the arb medications	Anti-roll bar , also known as a Sway bar	 0 	1
what are the arb medications	ARB Project , for phylogenetic analysis	 0 	1
what are the arb medications	Arbitron , a radio audience research company	 0 	1
what are the arb medications	OpenGL Architecture Review Board , a consortium previously governing OpenGL	 0 	1
what are the arb medications	ARB assembly language , a low-level shading language defined by the OpenGL Architecture Review Board	 0 	1
what are the arb medications	Transportation and Geography:	 0 	1
what are the arb medications	Akawaio language ( SIL code ) , a Cariban language of Guyana	 0 	1
what are the arb medications	Several transportation facilities in Ann Arbor , Michigan :	 0 	1
what are the arb medications	Ann Arbor Municipal Airport ( IATA airport code )	 0 	1
what are the arb medications	Ann Arbor ( Amtrak station ) ( Amtrak station code )	 0 	1
what are the arb medications	Arab States , UNESCO region	 0 	1
what are the arb medications	Arbroath railway station , United Kingdom ( National rail code )	 0 	1
what are the arb medications	Arth-Rigi-Bahn , a Swiss mountain railway	 0 	1
what are the arb medications	Government:	 0 	1
what are the arb medications	Administrative Review Board ( Labor ) , a unit of the United States Department of Labor	 0 	1
what are the arb medications	Air Resources Board , California Environmental Protection Agency	 0 	1
what the atmosphere on mercury	Mercury has a very tenuous and highly variable atmosphere ( surface-bound exosphere ) containing hydrogen , helium , oxygen , sodium , calcium , potassium and water vapor , with a combined pressure level of about  1  0 − 1  4  bar (  1  nPa ) .	 1 	1
what the atmosphere on mercury	The exospheric species originate either from the Solar wind or from the planetary crust .	 0 	1
what the atmosphere on mercury	Solar light pushes the atmospheric gases away from the Sun , creating a comet-like tail behind the planet .	 0 	1
what the atmosphere on mercury	The existence of a atmosphere had been contentious before  1  9  7  4  , although by that time a consensus had formed that Mercury , like the Moon , lacked any substantial atmosphere .	 0 	1
what the atmosphere on mercury	This conclusion was confirmed in  1  9  7  4  when the Mariner  1  0  spacecraft discovered only a tenuous exosphere .	 0 	1
what the atmosphere on mercury	Later , in  2  0  0  8  , improved measurements were obtained by the MESSENGER spacecraft , which discovered magnesium in the Hermian exosphere .	 0 	1
what religion is westminster abbey	The Collegiate Church of St Peter at Westminster , popularly known as Westminster Abbey , is a large , mainly Gothic church , in the City of Westminster , London , located just to the west of the Palace of Westminster .	 1 	1
what religion is westminster abbey	North Entrance of Westminster Abbey	 0 	1
what religion is westminster abbey	It is the traditional place of coronation and burial site for English , later British and later still ( and currently ) monarchs of the Commonwealth realms .	 0 	1
what religion is westminster abbey	The abbey is a Royal Peculiar and briefly held the status of a cathedral from  1  5  4  0  to  1  5  5  0  .	 0 	1
what religion is westminster abbey	Westminster Abbey is a collegiate church governed by the Dean and Chapter of Westminster , as established by Royal charter of Queen Elizabeth I in  1  5  6  0  , which created it as the Collegiate Church of St Peter Westminster and a Royal Peculiar under the personal jurisdiction of the Sovereign .	 0 	1
what religion is westminster abbey	The members of the Chapter are the Dean and four canons residentiary , assisted by the Receiver General and Chapter Clerk .	 0 	1
what religion is westminster abbey	One of the canons is also Rector of St Margaret 's Church , Westminster , and often holds also the post of Chaplain to the Speaker of the House of Commons .	 0 	1
what religion is westminster abbey	In addition to the Dean and canons , there are at present two full-time minor canons , one is precentor , and the other is sacrist .	 0 	1
what religion is westminster abbey	The office of Priest Vicar was created in the  1  9  7  0 s for those who assist the minor canons .	 0 	1
what religion is westminster abbey	Together with the clergy and Receiver General and Chapter Clerk , various lay officers constitute the college , including the Organist and Master of the Choristers , the Registrar , the Auditor , the Legal Secretary , the Surveyor of the Fabric , the Head Master of the Choir School , the Keeper of the Muniments and the Clerk of the Works , as well as  1  2  lay vicars ,  1  0  choristers and the High Steward and High Bailiff .	 0 	1
what religion is westminster abbey	There are also  4  0  Queen 's Scholars who are pupils at Westminster School ( the School has its own Governing Body ) .	 0 	1
what religion is westminster abbey	Those who are most directly concerned with liturgical and ceremonial matters are the two minor canons and the organist and Master of the Choristers .	 0 	1
what are stanzas in poetry	In poetry , a stanza is a unit within a larger poem .	 1 	2
what are stanzas in poetry	A stanza consists of a grouping of two or more lines , set off by a space , that usually has a set pattern of meter and rhyme.The stanza in poetry is analogous with the paragraph that is seen in prose , related thoughts are grouped into units .	 1 	2
what are stanzas in poetry	In modern poetry , the term is often equivalent with strophe ; in popular vocal music , a stanza is typically referred to as a `` verse `` ( distinct from the refrain , or `` chorus '' ) .	 0 	2
what are stanzas in poetry	In traditional English-language poems , stanzas can be identified and grouped together because they share a rhyme scheme or a fixed number of lines ( as in distich / couplet , tercet , quatrain , cinquain/quintain , sestet ) .	 0 	2
what are stanzas in poetry	In much modern poetry , stanzas may be arbitrarily presented on the printed page because of publishing conventions that employ such features as white space or punctuation .	 0 	2
who won the super in xl 1 	The Colts defeated the Bears by the score of  2  9 – 1  7  .	 1 	1
who won the super in xl 1 	Super Bowl XLI was an American football game between the American Football Conference ( AFC ) champion Indianapolis Colts and the National Football Conference ( NFC ) champion Chicago Bears to decide the National Football League ( NFL ) champion for the  2  0  0  6  season .	 0 	1
who won the super in xl 1 	The game was played on February  4  ,  2  0  0  7  , at Dolphin Stadium in Miami Gardens , Florida .	 0 	1
who won the super in xl 1 	This game featured two teams ending long Super Bowl appearance droughts .	 0 	1
who won the super in xl 1 	The Colts , who finished with a  1  2 – 4  regular season record , were making their first Super Bowl appearance since winning Super Bowl V in the  1  9  7  0  season during the team 's tenure in Baltimore ; they had moved to Indianapolis in  1  9  8  4  .	 0 	1
who won the super in xl 1 	Meanwhile , the Bears , who posted an NFC-best  1  3 – 3  regular season record , were making their first appearance since winning Super Bowl XX in the  1  9  8  5  season .	 0 	1
who won the super in xl 1 	In addition , the Bears ' Lovie Smith and the Colts ' Tony Dungy both became the first African-American head coaches to coach in the Super Bowl .	 0 	1
who won the super in xl 1 	In the first Super Bowl played in rainy conditions , the Colts overcame a  1  4 – 6  first-quarter deficit to outscore the Bears  2  3 – 3  in the last three quarters .	 0 	1
who won the super in xl 1 	Chicago posted the earliest lead in Super Bowl history when returner Devin Hester ran back the opening kickoff  9  2  yards for a touchdown .	 0 	1
who won the super in xl 1 	But the Colts forced  5  turnovers , including cornerback Kelvin Hayden 's  5  6 -yard interception return for a touchdown , and Indianapolis kicker Adam Vinatieri made three field goals .	 0 	1
who won the super in xl 1 	Colts quarterback Peyton Manning was named the game 's Most Valuable Player , completing  2  5  of  3  8  passes for  2  4  7  yards and a touchdown , with one interception for a passer rating of  8  1 . 8  .	 0 	1
who won the super in xl 1 	This was Manning 's first Super Bowl title after being one of the league 's most dominant quarterbacks throughout his nine-year career .	 0 	1
who won the  2  0  1  0  world cup	In the final , Spain , the European champions , defeated third-time finalists the Netherlands  1 – 0  after extra time , with Andrés Iniesta 's goal in the  1  1  6 th minute giving Spain their first world title , becoming the eighth nation to win the tournament , and the first European nation to win the tournament outside its home continent .	 1 	1
who won the  2  0  1  0  world cup	The  2  0  1  0  FIFA World Cup was the  1  9 th FIFA World Cup , the world championship for men 's national association football teams .	 0 	1
who won the  2  0  1  0  world cup	It took place in South Africa from  1  1  June to  1  1  July  2  0  1  0  .	 0 	1
who won the  2  0  1  0  world cup	The bidding process for hosting the tournament finals was open only to African nations ; in  2  0  0  4  , the international football federation , FIFA , selected South Africa over Egypt and Morocco to become the first African nation to host the finals .	 0 	1
who won the  2  0  1  0  world cup	The matches were played in ten stadiums in nine host cities around the country , with the final played at the Soccer City stadium in South Africa 's largest city , Johannesburg .	 0 	1
who won the  2  0  1  0  world cup	Thirty-two teams were selected for participation via a worldwide qualification tournament that began in August  2  0  0  7  .	 0 	1
who won the  2  0  1  0  world cup	In the first round of the tournament finals , the teams competed in round-robin groups of four teams for points , with the top two teams in each group proceeding .	 0 	1
who won the  2  0  1  0  world cup	These sixteen teams advanced to the knockout stage , where three rounds of play decided which teams would participate in the final .	 0 	1
who won the  2  0  1  0  world cup	Host nation South Africa ,  2  0  0  6  world champions Italy and  2  0  0  6  runners-up France were all eliminated in the first round of the tournament .	 0 	1
who won the  2  0  1  0  world cup	It was the first time that the hosts were eliminated in the first round .	 0 	1
who won the  2  0  1  0  world cup	New Zealand with their three draws were the only undefeated team in the tournament , but were also eliminated in the first round .	 0 	1
what part of the plant are avocados	Avocado or alligator pear also refers to the fruit ( botanically a large berry that contains a single seed ) of the tree .	 1 	1
what part of the plant are avocados	The avocado ( Persea americana ) is a tree native to Central Mexico , classified in the flowering plant family Lauraceae along with cinnamon , camphor and bay laurel .	 0 	1
what part of the plant are avocados	Avocados are commercially valuable and are cultivated in tropical and Mediterranean climates throughout the world .	 0 	1
what part of the plant are avocados	They have a green-skinned , fleshy body that may be pear-shaped , egg-shaped , or spherical .	 0 	1
what part of the plant are avocados	Commercially , it ripens after harvesting .	 0 	1
what part of the plant are avocados	Trees are partially self-pollinating and often are propagated through grafting to maintain a predictable quality and quantity of the fruit .	 0 	1
who starred in the original true grit	John Wayne stars as U.S . Marshal Rooster Cogburn and won his only Academy Award for his performance in this film .	 1 	1
who starred in the original true grit	True Grit is a  1  9  6  9  American western film written by Marguerite Roberts and directed by Henry Hathaway .	 0 	1
who starred in the original true grit	The picture is the first adaptation of Charles Portis '  1  9  6  8  novel True Grit .	 0 	1
who starred in the original true grit	Wayne reprised his role as Cogburn in the  1  9  7  5  sequel Rooster Cogburn .	 0 	1
who starred in the original true grit	Historians believe Rooster was based on deputy U.S. marshal Heck Thomas who brought in some of the toughest outlaws .	 0 	1
who starred in the original true grit	The supporting cast features Glen Campbell , Kim Darby , Robert Duvall , Dennis Hopper and Strother Martin .	 0 	1
what motor does a  2  0  0  1  monte carlo	The Monte Carlo SS was revived from  2  0  0  0  to  2  0  0  7  and initially powered by  3 . 8 -liter V 6  ( supercharged in  2  0  0  4 – 2  0  0  5  ) , later to be replaced by a  5 . 3 -liter V 8  for  2  0  0  6 – 2  0  0  7  .	 1 	1
what motor does a  2  0  0  1  monte carlo	The Chevrolet Monte Carlo was an American-made two-door coupe introduced for model year  1  9  7  0  , and manufactured over six generations through model year  2  0  0  7  .	 0 	1
what motor does a  2  0  0  1  monte carlo	It was marketed as a personal-luxury coupe through most of its history , with the last model version being classified as a full-sized coupe .	 0 	1
what motor does a  2  0  0  1  monte carlo	When it was discontinued in  2  0  0  7  , it had outlived many competitors that were either discontinued many years earlier or changed in concept to either a four-door sedan or small sport coupe .	 0 	1
what motor does a  2  0  0  1  monte carlo	The Monte Carlo endured six design generations .	 0 	1
what motor does a  2  0  0  1  monte carlo	The first four (  1  9  7  0 – 7  2  ,  1  9  7  3 – 7  7  ,  1  9  7  8 – 8  0  and  1  9  8  1 – 8  8  ) were of a rear-wheel-drive , V 8 -powered ( V 6  available beginning in  1  9  7  8  ) coupe style , utilizing separate body-on-frame construction .	 0 	1
what motor does a  2  0  0  1  monte carlo	The later rear-wheel-drive generations bucked the trend of unit-body construction , along with smaller engines , that became more prevalent in the early  1  9  8  0 s as automakers downsized their vehicle lines to meet increasing stringent fuel-economy regulations in the aftermath of two energy crises that led to gasoline shortages and skyrocketing pump prices in  1  9  7  3 - 7  4  and  1  9  7  9 - 8  0  .	 0 	1
what motor does a  2  0  0  1  monte carlo	Despite those trends , the Monte Carlo remained a popular seller and even regained the SS version ( initially offered for  1  9  7  0 - 7  1  with  4  5  4  cubic-inch V 8  ) from mid- 1  9  8  3  to  1  9  8  8  with a high-performance  3  0  5 -cubic-inch V 8  .	 0 	1
what motor does a  2  0  0  1  monte carlo	Following a several year hiatus following the discontinuation of the rear-drive Monte Carlo after  1  9  8  8  , the nameplate was revived for  1  9  9  5  on a front-drive , V 6 -powered coupe based on the Chevrolet Lumina sedan .	 0 	1
what motor does a  2  0  0  1  monte carlo	It was succeeded by the sixth and final-generation Monte Carlo in  2  0  0  0  that was built alongside the Chevrolet Impala , which succeeded the Lumina as Chevy 's mid-sized sedan .	 0 	1
where scottsdale ?	Scottsdale ( O'odham Vaṣai S-vaṣonĭ ; Yaqui Eskatel ) is a city in the eastern part of Maricopa County , Arizona , United States , adjacent to Phoenix .	 1 	1
where scottsdale ?	According to the U.S. Census Bureau , as of  2  0  1  0  the population of the city was  2  1  7 , 3  8  5  .	 0 	1
where scottsdale ?	The New York Times described downtown Scottsdale as `` a desert version of Miami 's South Beach `` and as having `` plenty of late night partying and a buzzing hotel scene '' .	 0 	1
where scottsdale ?	Scottsdale is bordered to the west by Phoenix and Paradise Valley , to the north by Carefree , to the south by Tempe , and to the east by Fountain Hills and the Salt River Pima-Maricopa Indian Community .	 0 	1
what are the most known sports in america	Four of the nation 's five most popular team sports were developed in North America : American football , baseball , basketball and ice hockey , whereas soccer was developed in England .	 1 	2
what are the most known sports in america	The four Major leagues in the United States are the National Basketball Association ( NBA ) , National Football League ( NFL ) , Major League Baseball ( MLB ) , the National Hockey League ( NHL ) ; all enjoy massive media exposure and are considered the preeminent competitions in their respective sports in the world .	 1 	2
what are the most known sports in america	Sports are an important part of the culture of the United States .	 0 	2
what are the most known sports in america	Three of those leagues have teams that represent Canadian cities , and all four are among the most lucrative sports leagues in the world .	 0 	2
what are the most known sports in america	Soccer ( association football ) is less popular as a spectator sport in the United States than it is in many other countries , though it has wide participation in amateur and semi-professional levels .	 0 	2
what are the most known sports in america	The top league , Major League Soccer , continues to grow and has surpassed the NBA and the NHL in average attendance , although it lags far behind in revenue and TV viewership .	 0 	2
what are the most known sports in america	Professional teams in all major sports operate as franchises within a league .	 0 	2
what are the most known sports in america	All major sports leagues use the same type of schedule with a playoff tournament after the regular season ends .	 0 	2
what are the most known sports in america	In addition to the major league-level organizations , several sports also have professional minor leagues .	 0 	2
what are the most known sports in america	Sports are particularly associated with education in the United States , with most high schools and universities having organized sports .	 0 	2
what are the most known sports in america	College sports competitions play an important role in the American sporting culture .	 0 	2
what are the most known sports in america	In many cases college athletics are more popular than professional sports , with the major sanctioning body being the NCAA .	 0 	2
what is an `` N.M ?	A newton metre is a unit of torque ( also called `` moment `` ) in the SI system .	 1 	1
what is an `` N.M ?	The symbolic form is N m or N·m , .	 0 	1
what is an `` N.M ?	One newton metre , sometimes hyphenated newton-metre , is equal to the torque resulting from a force of one newton applied perpendicularly to a moment arm which is one metre long .	 0 	1
what is an `` N.M ?	It is also used less commonly as a unit of work , or energy , in which case it is equivalent to the more common and standard SI unit of energy , the joule .	 0 	1
what is an `` N.M ?	In this very different usage the metre term represents the distance traveled or displacement in the direction of the force , and not the perpendicular distance from a fulcrum as it does when used to express torque .	 0 	1
what is an `` N.M ?	This usage is discouraged by the SI authority , since it can lead to confusion as to whether a given quantity expressed in newton-meters is a torque or a quantity of energy .	 0 	1
what year did john adams become president ?	John Adams ( October  3  0  ,  1  7  3  5  ( O.S . October  1  9  ,  1  7  3  5  ) – July  4  ,  1  8  2  6  ) was the second president of the United States (  1  7  9  7 – 1  8  0  1  ) , having earlier served as the first vice president of the United States .	 1 	1
what year did john adams become president ?	An American Founding Father , he was a statesman , diplomat , and a leading advocate of American independence from Great Britain .	 0 	1
what year did john adams become president ?	Well educated , he was an Enlightenment political theorist who promoted republicanism and wrote prolifically about his often seminal ideas , both in published works and in letters to his wife and key adviser Abigail as well as to other Founding Fathers .	 0 	1
what year did john adams become president ?	Adams came to prominence in the early stages of the American Revolution .	 0 	1
what year did john adams become president ?	A lawyer and public figure in Boston , as a delegate from Massachusetts to the Continental Congress , he played a leading role in persuading Congress to declare independence .	 0 	1
what year did john adams become president ?	He assisted Thomas Jefferson in drafting the Declaration of Independence in  1  7  7  6  , and was its primary advocate in the Congress .	 0 	1
what year did john adams become president ?	Later , as a diplomat in Europe , he helped negotiate the eventual peace treaty with Great Britain , and was responsible for obtaining vital governmental loans from Amsterdam bankers .	 0 	1
what year did john adams become president ?	A political theorist and historian , Adams largely wrote the Massachusetts Constitution in  1  7  8  0  , which together with his earlier Thoughts on Government , influenced American political thought .	 0 	1
what year did john adams become president ?	One of his greatest roles was as a judge of character : in  1  7  7  5  , he nominated George Washington to be commander-in-chief , and  2  5  years later nominated John Marshall to be Chief Justice of the United States .	 0 	1
what year did john adams become president ?	Adams ' revolutionary credentials secured him two terms as George Washington 's vice president and his own election in  1  7  9  6  as the second president .	 0 	1
what year did john adams become president ?	During his one term , he encountered ferocious attacks by the Jeffersonian Republicans , as well as the dominant faction in his own Federalist Party led by his bitter enemy Alexander Hamilton .	 0 	1
what year did john adams become president ?	Adams signed the controversial Alien and Sedition Acts , and built up the army and navy especially in the face of an undeclared naval war ( called the `` Quasi-War `` ) with France ,  1  7  9  8 – 1  8  0  0  .	 0 	1
what year did john adams become president ?	The major accomplishment of his presidency was his peaceful resolution of the conflict in the face of Hamilton 's opposition .	 0 	1
what year did john adams become president ?	In  1  8  0  0  , Adams was defeated for re-election by Thomas Jefferson and retired to Massachusetts .	 0 	1
what year did john adams become president ?	He later resumed his friendship with Jefferson .	 0 	1
what year did john adams become president ?	He and his wife , Abigail Adams , founded an accomplished family line of politicians , diplomats , and historians now referred to as the Adams political family .	 0 	1
what year did john adams become president ?	Adams was the father of John Quincy Adams , the sixth President of the United States .	 0 	1
what year did john adams become president ?	His achievements have received greater recognition in modern times , though his contributions were not initially as celebrated as those of other Founders .	 0 	1
what year did john adams become president ?	Adams was the first U.S. president to reside in the building that eventually became known as the White House .	 0 	1
what is am  2  2  0  1 	AM- 2  2  0  1  (  1 - (  5 -fluoropentyl ) - 3 - (  1 -naphthoyl ) indole ) is a research chemical that acts as a potent but nonselective full agonist for the cannabinoid receptor .	 1 	1
what is am  2  2  0  1 	It is part of the AM series of cannabinoids discovered by Alexandros Makriyannis at Northeastern University .	 0 	1
what is am  2  2  0  1 	Reputed recreational use of AM- 2  2  0  1  in the United States has led to it being specifically listed in a proposed  2  0  1  1  amendment to the Controlled Substances Act , aiming to add a number of synthetic drugs into Schedule I .	 0 	1
what is am  2  2  0  1 	There have been anecdotal reports of individuals experiencing panic attacks and vomiting , at doses as small as  2  milligrams .	 0 	1
what is am  2  2  0  1 	As the dosage is much smaller than most other synthetic cannabinoids , users may accidentally dose too much .	 0 	1
what is am  2  2  0  1 	Convulsions have been reported at doses exceeding  1  0  milligrams .	 0 	1
what is am  2  2  0  1 	Caution should be taken if using this substance as it is active at doses as small as  5  0  0  μg ( micrograms ) , has a very steep dose-response curve , and tolerance builds up very quickly to the effects .	 0 	1
what is am  2  2  0  1 	As of November  2  0  1  1  , there have been no reports of death associated with the drug .	 0 	1
what is am  2  2  0  1 	The toxicity of AM- 2  2  0  1  is still a matter of debate and there may be long term side effects .	 0 	1
when did george washington died ?	George Washington ( – ,  1  7  9  9  ) was the first President of the United States (  1  7  8  9 – 1  7  9  7  ) , the commander-in-chief of the Continental Army during the American Revolutionary War , and one of the Founding Fathers of the United States .	 1 	2
when did george washington died ?	He retired from the presidency in  1  7  9  7  and returned to his home , Mount Vernon , and his domestic life where he managed a variety of enterprises .	 1 	2
when did george washington died ?	He presided over the convention that drafted the Constitution , which replaced the Articles of Confederation and established the position of President .	 0 	2
when did george washington died ?	Washington was elected President as the unanimous choice of the  6  9  electors in  1  7  8  8  , and he served two terms in office .	 0 	2
when did george washington died ?	He oversaw the creation of a strong , well-financed national government that maintained neutrality in the wars raging in Europe , suppressed rebellion , and won acceptance among Americans of all types .	 0 	2
when did george washington died ?	His leadership style established many forms and rituals of government that have been used since , such as using a cabinet system and delivering an inaugural address .	 0 	2
when did george washington died ?	Further , the peaceful transition from his presidency to the presidency of John Adams established a tradition that continues into the  2  1 st century .	 0 	2
when did george washington died ?	Washington was hailed as `` father of his country `` even during his lifetime .	 0 	2
when did george washington died ?	Washington was born into the provincial gentry of Colonial Virginia ; his wealthy planter family owned tobacco plantations and slaves .	 0 	2
when did george washington died ?	After both his father and older brother died when he was young , Washington became personally and professionally attached to the powerful William Fairfax , who promoted his career as a surveyor and soldier .	 0 	2
when did george washington died ?	Washington quickly became a senior officer in the colonial forces during the first stages of the French and Indian War .	 0 	2
when did george washington died ?	Chosen by the Second Continental Congress in  1  7  7  5  to be commander-in-chief of the Continental Army in the American Revolution , Washington managed to force the British out of Boston in  1  7  7  6  , but was defeated and almost captured later that year when he lost New York City .	 0 	2
when did george washington died ?	After crossing the Delaware River in the dead of winter , he defeated the British in two battles , retook New Jersey and restored momentum to the Patriot cause .	 0 	2
when did george washington died ?	Because of his strategy , Revolutionary forces captured two major British armies at Saratoga in  1  7  7  7  and Yorktown in  1  7  8  1  .	 0 	2
when did george washington died ?	Historians laud Washington for his selection and supervision of his generals , encouragement of morale and ability to hold together the army , coordination with the state governors and state militia units , relations with Congress and attention to supplies , logistics , and training .	 0 	2
when did george washington died ?	In battle , however , Washington was repeatedly outmaneuvered by British generals with larger armies .	 0 	2
when did george washington died ?	After victory had been finalized in  1  7  8  3  , Washington resigned as Commander-in-chief rather than seize power , proving his opposition to dictatorship and his commitment to American republicanism .	 0 	2
when did george washington died ?	Dissatisfied with the weaknesses of the Articles of Confederation , in  1  7  8  7  Washington presided over the Constitutional Convention that drafted the United States Constitution .	 0 	2
when did george washington died ?	Elected unanimously as the first President of the United States in  1  7  8  9  , he attempted to bring rival factions together to unify the nation .	 0 	2
when did george washington died ?	He supported Alexander Hamilton 's programs to pay off all state and national debt , to implement an effective tax system and to create a national bank ( despite opposition from Thomas Jefferson ) .	 0 	2
when did george washington died ?	Washington proclaimed the United States neutral in the wars raging in Europe after  1  7  9  3  .	 0 	2
when did george washington died ?	He avoided war with Great Britain and guaranteed a decade of peace and profitable trade by securing the Jay Treaty in  1  7  9  5  , despite intense opposition from the Jeffersonians .	 0 	2
when did george washington died ?	Although never officially joining the Federalist Party , he supported its programs .	 0 	2
when did george washington died ?	Washington 's Farewell Address was an influential primer on republican virtue and a warning against partisanship , sectionalism , and involvement in foreign wars .	 0 	2
when did george washington died ?	He freed all his slaves by his final will .	 0 	2
when did george washington died ?	Washington had a vision of a great and powerful nation that would be built on republican lines using federal power .	 0 	2
when did george washington died ?	He sought to use the national government to preserve liberty , improve infrastructure , open the western lands , promote commerce , found a permanent capital , reduce regional tensions and promote a spirit of American nationalism .	 0 	2
when did george washington died ?	At his death , Washington was eulogized as `` first in war , first in peace , and first in the hearts of his countrymen '' by Henry Lee .	 0 	2
when did george washington died ?	The Federalists made him the symbol of their party but for many years , the Jeffersonians continued to distrust his influence and delayed building the Washington Monument .	 0 	2
when did george washington died ?	As the leader of the first successful revolution against a colonial empire in world history , Washington became an international icon for liberation and nationalism , especially in France and Latin America .	 0 	2
what is a wiki platform	A wiki ( ) is a website which allows its users to add , modify , or delete its content via a web browser usually using a simplified markup language or a rich-text editor .	 1 	1
what is a wiki platform	Ward Cunningham , inventor of the wiki	 0 	1
what is a wiki platform	Wikis are powered by wiki software .	 0 	1
what is a wiki platform	Most are created collaboratively .	 0 	1
what is a wiki platform	Wikis serve many different purposes , such as knowledge management and notetaking .	 0 	1
what is a wiki platform	Wikis can be community websites and intranets , for example .	 0 	1
what is a wiki platform	Some permit control over different functions ( levels of access ) .	 0 	1
what is a wiki platform	For example , editing rights may permit changing , adding or removing material .	 0 	1
what is a wiki platform	Others may permit access without enforcing access control .	 0 	1
what is a wiki platform	Other rules may also be imposed to organize content .	 0 	1
what is a wiki platform	Ward Cunningham , the developer of the first wiki software , WikiWikiWeb , originally described it as `` the simplest online database that could possibly work . ''	 0 	1
what is a wiki platform	`` Wiki '' ( pronounced or ) is a Hawaiian word meaning `` fast '' or `` quick '' .	 0 	1
who plays dumbledore in harry potter  6 	After Harris ' death , Michael Gambon portrayed Dumbledore for all of the remaining films .	 1 	1
who plays dumbledore in harry potter  6 	Professor Albus Percival Wulfric Brian Dumbledore is a major character and protagonist of J. K. Rowling 's Harry Potter series .	 0 	1
who plays dumbledore in harry potter  6 	For most of the series , he is the headmaster of the wizarding school Hogwarts .	 0 	1
who plays dumbledore in harry potter  6 	As part of his backstory , it is revealed that he is the founder and leader of the Order of the Phoenix , an organisation dedicated to fighting the main antagonist of the series , Lord Voldemort .	 0 	1
who plays dumbledore in harry potter  6 	Dumbledore is portrayed by Richard Harris in the film adaptions of Harry Potter and the Philosopher 's Stone and Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets .	 0 	1
who plays dumbledore in harry potter  6 	Rowling stated she chose the name Dumbledore , which is an Early Modern English word for `` bumblebee `` , because of Dumbledore 's love of music : she imagined him walking around `` humming to himself a lot '' .	 0 	1
where do dungeness crab live	The Dungeness crab , Metacarcinus magister ( formerly Cancer magister ) , is a species of crab that inhabits eelgrass beds and water bottoms on the west coast of North America .	 1 	1
where do dungeness crab live	It typically grows to across the carapace and is a popular seafood prized for its sweet and tender flesh .	 0 	1
where do dungeness crab live	Its common name comes from the port of Dungeness , Washington .	 0 	1
when did Emperor Justinian die	Justinian I ( ) ( , ) ( c.  4  8  2  –  1  4  November  5  6  5  ) , commonly known as Justinian the Great , was Byzantine Emperor from  5  2  7  to  5  6  5  .	 1 	1
when did Emperor Justinian die	During his reign , Justinian sought to revive the Empire 's greatness and reconquer the lost western half of the classical Roman Empire .	 0 	1
when did Emperor Justinian die	One of the most important figures of Late Antiquity and the last Roman Emperor to speak Latin as a first language , Justinian 's rule constitutes a distinct epoch in the history of the Eastern Roman Empire .	 0 	1
when did Emperor Justinian die	The impact of his administration extended far beyond the boundaries of his time and domain .	 0 	1
when did Emperor Justinian die	Justinian 's reign is marked by the ambitious but only partly realized renovatio imperii , or `` restoration of the Empire '' .	 0 	1
when did Emperor Justinian die	Because of his restoration activities , Justinian has sometimes been called the `` Last Roman `` in modern historiography .	 0 	1
when did Emperor Justinian die	This ambition was expressed by the partial recovery of the territories of the defunct Western Roman Empire .	 0 	1
when did Emperor Justinian die	His general Belisarius swiftly conquered the Vandal Kingdom in North Africa , extending Roman control to the Atlantic Ocean .	 0 	1
when did Emperor Justinian die	Subsequently Belisarius , Narses , and other generals conquered the Ostrogothic Kingdom , restoring Dalmatia , Sicily , Italy , and Rome to the Empire after more than half a century of barbarian control .	 0 	1
when did Emperor Justinian die	The prefect Liberius reclaimed most of southern Iberia , establishing the province of Spania .	 0 	1
when did Emperor Justinian die	These campaigns re-established Roman control over the western Mediterranean , increasing the Empire 's annual revenue by over a million solidi .	 0 	1
when did Emperor Justinian die	During his reign Justinian also subdued the Tzani , a people on the east coast of the Black Sea that had never been under Roman rule before .	 0 	1
when did Emperor Justinian die	A still more resonant aspect of his legacy was the uniform rewriting of Roman law , the Corpus Juris Civilis , which is still the basis of civil law in many modern states .	 0 	1
when did Emperor Justinian die	This work was carried out primarily by his quaestor Tribonian .	 0 	1
when did Emperor Justinian die	His reign also marked a blossoming of Byzantine culture , and his building program yielded such masterpieces as the church of Hagia Sophia , which was to be the center of Eastern Orthodox Christianity for many centuries .	 0 	1
when did Emperor Justinian die	A devastating outbreak of bubonic plague ( see Plague of Justinian ) in the early  5  4  0 s marked the end of an age of splendour .	 0 	1
when did Emperor Justinian die	The Empire entered a period of territorial decline not to be reversed until the  9 th century .	 0 	1
when did Emperor Justinian die	Procopius provides the primary source for the history of Justinian 's reign .	 0 	1
when did Emperor Justinian die	The Syriac chronicle of John of Ephesus , which does not survive , was used as a source for later chronicles , contributing many additional details of value .	 0 	1
when did Emperor Justinian die	Both historians became very bitter towards Justinian and his empress , Theodora .	 0 	1
when did Emperor Justinian die	Other sources include the histories of Agathias , Menander Protector , John Malalas , the Paschal Chronicle , the chronicles of Marcellinus Comes and Victor of Tunnuna .	 0 	1
when did Emperor Justinian die	Justinian is considered a saint amongst Orthodox Christians , and is also remembered by some in the Lutheran Church on November  1  4  .	 0 	1
what mountains are on appalachian trail	The Appalachian National Scenic Trail , generally known as the Appalachian Trail or simply the A.T. , is a marked hiking trail in the eastern United States extending between Springer Mountain in Georgia and Mount Katahdin in Maine .	 1 	1
what mountains are on appalachian trail	The precise length of the trail changes over time as trails are modified or added .	 0 	1
what mountains are on appalachian trail	The total length is approximately .	 0 	1
what mountains are on appalachian trail	The trail passes through the states of Georgia , North Carolina , Tennessee , Virginia , West Virginia , Maryland , Pennsylvania , New Jersey , New York , Connecticut , Massachusetts , Vermont , New Hampshire , and Maine .	 0 	1
what mountains are on appalachian trail	The path is maintained by  3  0  trail clubs and multiple partnerships , and managed by the National Park Service and the nonprofit Appalachian Trail Conservancy .	 0 	1
what mountains are on appalachian trail	The majority of the trail is in wilderness , although some portions traverse towns , roads and cross rivers .	 0 	1
what mountains are on appalachian trail	The Appalachian Trail is famous for its many hikers , some of whom , called thru-hikers , attempt to hike it in its entirety in a single season .	 0 	1
what mountains are on appalachian trail	Many books , memoirs , web sites and fan organizations are dedicated to this pursuit .	 0 	1
what mountains are on appalachian trail	An unofficial extension known as the International Appalachian Trail continues north into Canada and to the end of the range , where it enters the Atlantic Ocean .	 0 	1
what mountains are on appalachian trail	The Appalachian Trail , the Continental Divide Trail , and the Pacific Crest Trail form what is known as the Triple Crown of long distance hiking in the United States .	 0 	1
when did scott pilgrim come out	Scott Pilgrim vs. the World is a  2  0  1  0  American comedy film directed by Edgar Wright , based on the graphic novel series Scott Pilgrim by Bryan Lee O'Malley .	 1 	1
when did scott pilgrim come out	The film is about a young Canadian musician named Scott Pilgrim meeting the girl of his dreams , an American delivery girl named Ramona Flowers .	 0 	1
when did scott pilgrim come out	In order to win Ramona , Scott learns that he must defeat Ramona 's `` seven evil exes '' , who are coming to kill him .	 0 	1
when did scott pilgrim come out	Scott Pilgrim vs. the World was planned as a film after the first volume of the comic was released .	 0 	1
when did scott pilgrim come out	Wright became attached to the project and filming began in March  2  0  0  9  in Toronto .	 0 	1
when did scott pilgrim come out	Scott Pilgrim vs. the World premiered after a panel discussion at the San Diego Comic-Con International on July  2  2  ,  2  0  1  0  .	 0 	1
when did scott pilgrim come out	It received a wide release in North America on August  1  3  ,  2  0  1  0  , in  2 , 8  1  8  theaters .	 0 	1
when did scott pilgrim come out	The film finished fifth on its first weekend of release with a total of $  1  0 . 5  million .	 0 	1
when did scott pilgrim come out	The film received generally positive reviews by critics and fans of the graphic novel , but it failed to recoup its production budget during its release in theaters , grossing $  3  1 . 5  million in North America and $  1  6  million overseas .	 0 	1
when did scott pilgrim come out	However , the film has fared better on home video , becoming the top-selling Blu-ray Disc on Amazon.com during the first day it was available and has since gained a cult following .	 0 	1
what season is dexter on	After months of rumors , on April  1  8  ,  2  0  1  3  , Showtime announced via social media that season eight would be the final season of Dexter .	 1 	1
what season is dexter on	Dexter is an American television drama series which debuted on Showtime on October  1  ,  2  0  0  6  .	 0 	1
what season is dexter on	The series centers on Dexter Morgan ( Michael C. Hall ) , a blood spatter pattern analyst for a fictional Miami Metro Police Department ( based on the real life Miami-Dade Police Department ) who also leads a secret life as a serial killer .	 0 	1
what season is dexter on	Set in Miami , the show 's first season was largely based on the novel Darkly Dreaming Dexter , the first of the Dexter series novels by Jeff Lindsay .	 0 	1
what season is dexter on	It was adapted for television by screenwriter James Manos , Jr. , who wrote the first episode .	 0 	1
what season is dexter on	Subsequent seasons have evolved independently of Lindsay 's works .	 0 	1
what season is dexter on	In February  2  0  0  8  , reruns ( edited down to a TV- 1  4  rating ) began to air on CBS , although the reruns on CBS ended after one run of the first season .	 0 	1
what season is dexter on	The series has enjoyed wide critical acclaim and popularity .	 0 	1
what season is dexter on	Season  4  aired its season finale on December  1  3  ,  2  0  0  9  to a record-breaking audience of  2 . 6  million viewers , making it the most-watched original series episode ever on Showtime .	 0 	1
what season is dexter on	Michael C. Hall has received several awards and nominations for his portrayal of Dexter , including a Golden Globe .	 0 	1
what season is dexter on	On November  1  8  ,  2  0  1  1  , it was announced that Dexter had been renewed for two more seasons .	 0 	1
what season is dexter on	Season  7  premiered on September  3  0  ,  2  0  1  2  .	 0 	1
what season is dexter on	The Season  7  premiere was the most watched Dexter episode ever with over  3  million viewers .	 0 	1
what season is dexter on	On January  1  2  ,  2  0  1  3  , it was revealed that season  8  of Dexter would be moved from its originally planned airing in the fall to the summer , which will begin on Sunday , June  3  0  ,  2  0  1  3  .	 0 	1
What are context effects of memory ?	Context-dependent memory refers to improved recall of specific episodes or information when the context present at encoding and retrieval are the same .	 1 	1
What are context effects of memory ?	One particularly common example of context-dependence at work occurs when an individual has lost an item ( e.g . lost car keys ) in an unknown location .	 0 	1
What are context effects of memory ?	Typically , people try to systematically `` retrace their steps '' to determine all of the possible places where the item might be located .	 0 	1
What are context effects of memory ?	Based on the role that context plays in determining recall , it is not at all surprising that individuals often quite easily discover the lost item upon returning to the correct context .	 0 	1
What are context effects of memory ?	This example best describes the concept of context-dependent forgetting .	 0 	1
What are context effects of memory ?	However , the research literature on context-dependent memory describes a number of different types of contextual information that may affect recall such as environmental context-dependent memory , state-dependent learning , cognitive context-dependent memory and mood-congruent memory .	 0 	1
What are context effects of memory ?	Research has also shown that context-dependence may play an important role in numerous situations , such as memory for studied material , or events that have occurred following the consumption of alcohol or drugs .	 0 	1
who won the  1  9  9  8  world cup	The tournament was won by France , who beat Brazil  3 – 0  in the final .	 1 	1
who won the  1  9  9  8  world cup	The  1  9  9  8  FIFA World Cup was the  1  6 th FIFA World Cup , the world championship for men 's national association football teams .	 0 	1
who won the  1  9  9  8  world cup	It was held in France from  1  0  June to  1  2  July  1  9  9  8  .	 0 	1
who won the  1  9  9  8  world cup	The country was chosen as the host nation by FIFA for the second time in the history of the tournament , defeating Morocco in the bidding process .	 0 	1
who won the  1  9  9  8  world cup	Qualification for the finals began in March  1  9  9  6  and concluded in November  1  9  9  7  .	 0 	1
who won the  1  9  9  8  world cup	For the first time in the competition , the group stage were expanded from  2  4  teams to  3  2  , with eight groups of four .	 0 	1
who won the  1  9  9  8  world cup	A total of  6  4  matches were played in  1  0  stadiums located across  1  0  different host cities , with the opening match and final staged at the Stade de France , Saint-Denis .	 0 	1
who won the  1  9  9  8  world cup	France won their first title , becoming the seventh nation to win a World Cup , and the sixth ( after Uruguay , Italy , England , West Germany and Argentina ) to win the tournament on home soil .	 0 	1
what kind of people are on the show skins	Skins is a British teen drama that follows the lives of a group of teenagers in Bristol , South West England , through the two years of sixth form .	 1 	1
what kind of people are on the show skins	Its controversial storylines have explored issues such as dysfunctional families , mental illness ( such as eating disorders ) , adolescent sexuality , substance abuse and death .	 0 	1
what kind of people are on the show skins	The show was created by father-and-son television writers Bryan Elsley and Jamie Brittain for Company Pictures , and premiered on E 4  on  2  5  January  2  0  0  7  .	 0 	1
what kind of people are on the show skins	The show went on to be a critical success as well as a ratings winner within its target demographic .	 0 	1
what kind of people are on the show skins	As an ongoing drama series , Skins is atypical in that it replaces its primary cast every two years .	 0 	1
what kind of people are on the show skins	In  2  0  0  9  , producers announced a Skins film was being discussed , but as of  2  0  1  2  announcement of the show 's cancellation , nothing has come of these plans .	 0 	1
what kind of people are on the show skins	A specially-commissioned final seventh series is set to broadcast in  2  0  1  3  which will feature the casts from its  2  0  0  7 – 1  0  run .	 0 	1
what kind of people are on the show skins	The show 's name comes from the rolling papers known as `` skins '' .	 0 	1
what kind of people are on the show skins	Other ventures to expand the brand have included a failed North American adaptation , which aired on MTV in  2  0  1  1  but it was cancelled after one season after advertisers abandoned the series in response to low ratings and the significant controversy which arose over its depiction of teen sexuality .	 0 	1
what nationality is kris jenner	Kristen Mary `` Kris '' Jenner ( née Houghton , previously Kardashian ; born November  5  ,  1  9  5  5  ) is an American socialite , author and television personality .	 1 	1
what nationality is kris jenner	In her television ventures , Jenner has appeared on Keeping Up with the Kardashians , Kourtney and Khloé Take Miami , Khloé & Lamar , Kourtney and Kim Take New York , Good Morning America , The Talk and America 's Next Top Model .	 0 	1
what nationality is kris jenner	Divorced from lawyer Robert Kardashian , she has been married to Bruce Jenner since  1  9  9  1  .	 0 	1
what nationality is kris jenner	She has four children with Robert ( Kourtney , Kim , Khloe , and Robert Jr. ) and two with Bruce ( Kendall and Kylie ) .	 0 	1
what nationality is kris jenner	As of  2  0  1  1  , Jenner 's net worth is estimated at $  2  0  million .	 0 	1
what time will the world end on may  2  1 	Camping suggested that it would occur at  6  pm local time , with the rapture sweeping the globe time zone by time zone , while some of his supporters claimed that around  2  0  0  million people ( approximately  3  % of the world 's population ) would be 'raptured ' .	 1 	1
what time will the world end on may  2  1 	The  2  0  1  1  end times prediction made by American Christian radio host Harold Camping stated that the Rapture and Judgment Day would take place on May  2  1  ,  2  0  1  1  , and that the end of the world would take place five months later on October  2  1  ,  2  0  1  1  .	 0 	1
what time will the world end on may  2  1 	The Rapture , in a specific tradition of premillennial theology , is the taking up into heaven of God 's elect people .	 0 	1
what time will the world end on may  2  1 	Camping , who was then president of the Family Radio Christian network , claimed the Bible as his source and said May  2  1  would be the date of the Rapture and the day of judgment `` beyond the shadow of a doubt '' .	 0 	1
what time will the world end on may  2  1 	Camping had previously claimed that the Rapture would occur in September  1  9  9  4  .	 0 	1
what time will the world end on may  2  1 	The vast majority of Christian groups , including most Protestant and Catholic believers , did not accept Camping 's predictions ; some explicitly rejected them , citing Bible passages including those stating `` about that day or hour no one knows '' ( Matthew  2  4 : 3  6  ) .	 0 	1
what time will the world end on may  2  1 	An interview with a group of church leaders noted that all of them had scheduled church services as usual for Sunday , May  2  2  .	 0 	1
what time will the world end on may  2  1 	Following the failure of the prediction , media attention shifted to the response from Camping and his followers .	 0 	1
what time will the world end on may  2  1 	On May  2  3  , Camping stated that May  2  1  had been a `` spiritual '' day of judgment , and that the physical Rapture would occur on October  2  1  ,  2  0  1  1  , simultaneously with the destruction of the universe by God. < ref name > However , on October  1  6  , Camping admitted to an interviewer that he did not know when the end would come , and made no public comment after October  2  1  passed without his predicted apocalypse .	 0 	1
what time will the world end on may  2  1 	In March  2  0  1  2  Camping `` humbly acknowledged '' that he had been mistaken , that his attempt to predict a date was `` sinful , '' and that his critics had been right in pointing to the scriptural text `` of that day and hour knoweth no man '' .	 0 	1
what time will the world end on may  2  1 	He said he is now searching the Bible `` even more fervently ... not to find dates , but to be more faithful in our understanding . ''	 0 	1
who makes triumph motorcycles	Triumph Engineering Co Ltd , a defunct British motorcycle manufacturer	 1 	2
who makes triumph motorcycles	Triumph Motorcycles Ltd , a current British motorcycle manufacturer	 1 	2
who makes triumph motorcycles	Triumph Motorcycles may refer to:	 0 	2
who makes triumph motorcycles	Norton Villiers Triumph , a defunct British motorcycle manufacturer	 0 	2
who makes triumph motorcycles	Triumph ( TWN ) , a defunct German motorcycle manufacturer	 0 	2
where do sesame seeds come from	Numerous wild relatives occur in Africa and a smaller number in India .	 1 	1
where do sesame seeds come from	Sesame in Panchkhal valley , Nepal	 0 	1
where do sesame seeds come from	Sesame ( ; Sesamum indicum ) is a flowering plant in the genus Sesamum .	 0 	1
where do sesame seeds come from	It is widely naturalized in tropical regions around the world and is cultivated for its edible seeds , which grow in pods .	 0 	1
where do sesame seeds come from	Sesame seed is considered to be the oldest oilseed crop known , domesticated well over  5  0  0  0  years ago .	 0 	1
where do sesame seeds come from	Sesame is very drought-tolerant .	 0 	1
where do sesame seeds come from	It has been called a survivor crop , with an ability to grow where most crops fail .	 0 	1
where do sesame seeds come from	Sesame has one of the highest oil contents of any seed .	 0 	1
where do sesame seeds come from	With a rich nutty flavor , it is a common ingredient in cuisines across the world .	 0 	1
where do sesame seeds come from	Sesame , like other nuts and foods , can trigger allergic reactions in some people .	 0 	1
where do sesame seeds come from	The world harvested about  3 . 8  4  million metric tonnes of sesame seeds in  2  0  1  0  .	 0 	1
where do sesame seeds come from	The largest producer of sesame seeds in  2  0  1  0  was Burma .	 0 	1
where do sesame seeds come from	The world 's largest exporter of sesame seeds was India , and Japan the largest importer .	 0 	1
where did the olmecs come from	They lived in the tropical lowlands of south-central Mexico , in the modern-day states of Veracruz and Tabasco .	 1 	1
where did the olmecs come from	Olmec Head No .  3  from San Lorenzo Tenochtitlan  1  2  0  0 – 9  0  0  BCE	 0 	1
where did the olmecs come from	`` The Wrestler `` , an Olmec era statuette ,  1  2  0  0 – 8  0  0  BCE	 0 	1
where did the olmecs come from	Olmec jadeite mask  1  0  0  0 – 6  0  0  BCE	 0 	1
where did the olmecs come from	The Olmec were the first major civilization in Mexico .	 0 	1
where did the olmecs come from	The Olmec flourished during Mesoamerica 's Formative period , dating roughly from as early as  1  5  0  0  BCE to about  4  0  0  BCE .	 0 	1
where did the olmecs come from	Pre-Olmec cultures had flourished in the area since about  2  5  0  0  BCE , but by  1  6  0  0 – 1  5  0  0  BCE Early Olmec culture had emerged centered around the San Lorenzo Tenochtitlán site near the coast in southeast Veracruz .	 0 	1
where did the olmecs come from	They were the first Mesoamerican civilization and laid many of the foundations for the civilizations that followed .	 0 	1
where did the olmecs come from	Among other `` firsts '' , the Olmec appeared to practice ritual bloodletting and played the Mesoamerican ballgame , hallmarks of nearly all subsequent Mesoamerican societies .	 0 	1
where did the olmecs come from	The most familiar aspect of the Olmecs is their artwork , particularly the aptly named `` colossal heads `` .	 0 	1
where did the olmecs come from	The Olmec civilization was first defined through artifacts which collectors purchased on the pre-Columbian art market in the late  1  9 th century and early  2  0 th century .	 0 	1
where did the olmecs come from	Olmec artworks are considered among ancient America 's most striking .	 0 	1
what state is milwaukee in	Milwaukee is the largest city in the U.S. state of Wisconsin , the  2  8 th most populous city in the United States , and  3  9 th most populous region in the United States .	 1 	1
what state is milwaukee in	It is the county seat of Milwaukee County and is located on the southwestern shore of Lake Michigan .	 0 	1
what state is milwaukee in	According to  2  0  1  0  census data , the City of Milwaukee has a population of .	 0 	1
what state is milwaukee in	Milwaukee is the main cultural and economic center of the Milwaukee–Racine–Waukesha Metropolitan Area with a population of as of  2  0  1  0  .	 0 	1
what state is milwaukee in	The first Europeans to pass through the area were French missionaries and fur traders .	 0 	1
what state is milwaukee in	In  1  8  1  8  , the French-Canadian explorer Solomon Juneau settled in the area , and in  1  8  4  6  Juneau 's town combined with two neighboring towns to incorporate as the City of Milwaukee .	 0 	1
what state is milwaukee in	Large numbers of German and other immigrants helped increase the city 's population during the  1  8  4  0 s and the following decades .	 0 	1
what state is milwaukee in	Known for its brewing traditions , major new additions to the city include the Milwaukee Riverwalk , the Delta Center ( formerly `` Frontier Airlines Center '' ) , Miller Park , an internationally renowned addition to the Milwaukee Art Museum , Milwaukee Repertory Theater , and Pier Wisconsin , as well as major renovations to the U.S. Cellular Arena .	 0 	1
what state is milwaukee in	In addition , many new skyscrapers , condos , lofts and apartments have been constructed in neighborhoods on and near the lakefront and riverbanks .	 0 	1
what state is milwaukee in	There have been five ships of the United States Navy named after the city , including USS Milwaukee ( LCS- 5  ) .	 0 	1
what are garnishments	A garnishment is a means of collecting a monetary judgment against a defendant by ordering a third party ( the garnishee ) to pay money , otherwise owed to the defendant , directly to the plaintiff .	 1 	1
what are garnishments	In the case of collecting for taxes , the law of a jurisdiction may allow for collection without a judgment or other court order .	 0 	1
what are the charges against Casey Anthony	She was charged with first degree murder in October  2  0  0  8  and pled not guilty .	 1 	1
what are the charges against Casey Anthony	Caylee Marie Anthony ( August  9  ,  2  0  0  5  –  2  0  0  8  ) was a two-year-old American girl who lived in Orlando , Florida with her mother , Casey Marie Anthony , and her maternal grandparents , George and Cindy Anthony .	 0 	1
what are the charges against Casey Anthony	On July  1  5  ,  2  0  0  8  , she was reported missing to by Cindy , who said she had not seen Caylee for  3  1  days and that Casey 's car smelled like a dead body had been inside it .	 0 	1
what are the charges against Casey Anthony	Cindy said Casey had given varied explanations as to Caylee 's whereabouts before finally telling her that she had not seen Caylee for weeks .	 0 	1
what are the charges against Casey Anthony	Casey told detectives several falsehoods , including that the child had been kidnapped by a nanny on June  9  , and that she had been trying to find her , too frightened to alert the authorities .	 0 	1
what are the charges against Casey Anthony	On December  1  1  ,  2  0  0  8  , Caylee 's skeletal remains were found with a blanket inside a trash bag in a wooded area near the family home .	 0 	1
what are the charges against Casey Anthony	Investigative reports and trial testimony alternated between duct tape being found near the front of the skull and on the mouth of the skull .	 0 	1
what are the charges against Casey Anthony	The medical examiner mentioned duct tape as one reason she ruled the death a homicide , but officially listed it as `` death by undetermined means '' .	 0 	1
what are the charges against Casey Anthony	The trial lasted six weeks , from May to July  2  0  1  1  .	 0 	1
what are the charges against Casey Anthony	The prosecution sought the death penalty and alleged Casey murdered her daughter to free herself from parental responsibilities by administering chloroform and applying duct tape .	 0 	1
what are the charges against Casey Anthony	The defense team , led by Jose Baez , countered that the child had drowned accidentally in the family 's swimming pool on June  1  6  ,  2  0  0  8  , and that George Anthony disposed of the body .	 0 	1
what are the charges against Casey Anthony	The defense contended that Casey lied about this and other issues because of a dysfunctional upbringing , which they said included sexual abuse by her father .	 0 	1
what are the charges against Casey Anthony	The defense did not present evidence as to how Caylee died , nor evidence that Casey was sexually abused as a child , but challenged every piece of the prosecution 's evidence , calling much of it `` fantasy forensics '' .	 0 	1
what are the charges against Casey Anthony	Casey did not testify .	 0 	1
what are the charges against Casey Anthony	On July  5  ,  2  0  1  1  , the jury found Casey not guilty of first degree murder , aggravated child abuse , and aggravated manslaughter of a child , but guilty of four misdemeanor counts of providing false information to a law enforcement officer .	 0 	1
what are the charges against Casey Anthony	With credit for time served , she was released on July  1  7  ,  2  0  1  1  .	 0 	1
what are the charges against Casey Anthony	A Florida appeals court overturned two of the misdemeanor convictions on January  2  5  ,  2  0  1  3  .	 0 	1
what are the charges against Casey Anthony	The not guilty murder verdict was greeted with public outrage , and was both attacked and defended by media and legal commentators .	 0 	1
what are the charges against Casey Anthony	Some complained that the jury misunderstood the meaning of reasonable doubt , while others said the prosecution relied too heavily on the defendant 's allegedly poor moral character because they had been unable to show conclusively how the victim had died .	 0 	1
what are the charges against Casey Anthony	Time magazine described the case as `` the social media trial of the century `` .	 0 	1
what are arizona 's symbols	The newest adopted symbol of Arizona is the Colt Single Action Army in  2  0  1  1  .	 1 	2
what are arizona 's symbols	Arizona became the second state to adopt a `` state firearm '' after Utah adopted the Browning M 1  9  1  1  .	 1 	2
what are arizona 's symbols	Location of the state of Arizona in the United States of America	 0 	2
what are arizona 's symbols	The following is a list of symbols of the U.S. state of Arizona .	 0 	2
what are arizona 's symbols	The majority of the items in the list are officially recognized after a law passed by the state legislature .	 0 	2
what are arizona 's symbols	Most of the symbols were adopted in the  2  0 th century .	 0 	2
what are arizona 's symbols	The first symbol was the motto , which was made official in  1  8  6  4  for the Arizona Territory .	 0 	2
what are arizona 's symbols	Fifteen of the state symbols are on display on the Arizona Capitol Museum .	 0 	2
what are SLR cameras	A single-lens reflex ( SLR ) camera is a camera that typically uses a mirror and prism system ( hence `` reflex '' , from the mirror 's reflection ) that permits the photographer to view through the lens and see exactly what will be captured , contrary to viewfinder cameras where the image could be significantly different from what will be captured .	 1 	1
what are SLR cameras	The historic  1  9  4  9  Zeiss Ikon VEB Contax S , manufactured in Dresden , the first pentaprism SLR for eye-level viewing	 0 	1
what is the scientific name of the eastern tiger salamander ?	The tiger salamander ( Ambystoma tigrinum ) is a species of mole salamander .	 1 	1
what is the scientific name of the eastern tiger salamander ?	The proper common name is the eastern tiger salamander , to differentiate it from other closely related species .	 0 	1
what was the steelworkers strike	The Steel Strike of  1  9  1  9  was an attempt by the weakened Amalgamated Association of Iron , Steel and Tin Workers ( the AA ) to organize the United States steel industry in the wake of World War I .	 1 	1
what was the steelworkers strike	The strike began on September  2  1  ,  1  9  1  9  , and collapsed on January  8  ,  1  9  2  0  .	 0 	1
what was the steelworkers strike	The AA had formed in  1  8  7  6  .	 0 	1
what was the steelworkers strike	It was a union of skilled iron and steel workers which was deeply committed to craft unionism .	 0 	1
what was the steelworkers strike	However , technological advances had slashed the number of skilled workers in both industries .	 0 	1
when was the web invented	Using concepts from his earlier hypertext systems like ENQUIRE , British engineer , computer scientist and at that time employee of the CERN , Sir Tim Berners-Lee , now Director of the World Wide Web Consortium ( W 3 C ) , wrote a proposal in March  1  9  8  9  for what would eventually become the World Wide Web .	 1 	1
when was the web invented	The World Wide Web ( abbreviated as WWW or W 3  , commonly known as the web ) , is a system of interlinked hypertext documents accessed via the Internet .	 0 	1
when was the web invented	With a web browser , one can view web pages that may contain text , images , videos , and other multimedia , and navigate between them via hyperlinks .	 0 	1
when was the web invented	At CERN , a European research organisation near Geneva straddling the border between France and Switzerland , Berners-Lee and Belgian computer scientist Robert Cailliau proposed in  1  9  9  0  to use hypertext `` to link and access information of various kinds as a web of nodes in which the user can browse at will '' , and they publicly introduced the project in December of the same year .	 0 	1
where is andy whitfield from ?	Andy Whitfield ( died  1  1  September  2  0  1  1  ) was a Welsh Australian actor and model .	 1 	1
where is andy whitfield from ?	He was best known for his leading role in the Starz television series .	 0 	1
where is scotty mccreery from	Scott `` Scotty '' McCreery ( born October  9  ,  1  9  9  3  ) is an American country music singer from Garner , North Carolina .	 1 	1
where is scotty mccreery from	He won the tenth season of American Idol on May  2  5  ,  2  0  1  1  .	 0 	1
where is scotty mccreery from	He is the first American Idol winner who was born in the  1  9  9  0 s .	 0 	1
where is scotty mccreery from	His debut studio album , Clear as Day , was released in October  2  0  1  1  and was certified platinum in the United States .	 0 	1
where is scotty mccreery from	The album includes the top  2  0  country songs , `` I Love You This Big `` and `` The Trouble with Girls `` .	 0 	1
where is scotty mccreery from	He also released a Christmas album , Christmas with Scotty McCreery , which has been certified gold .	 0 	1
where is david ortiz from	David Américo Ortiz Arias ( born November  1  8  ,  1  9  7  5  ) , nicknamed `` Big Papi '' , is a Dominican-American professional baseball designated hitter with the Boston Red Sox of Major League Baseball ( MLB ) .	 1 	1
where is david ortiz from	Mostly a designated hitter , Ortiz played first base during his early career .	 0 	1
where is david ortiz from	Ortiz played with the Minnesota Twins from  1  9  9  7  until  2  0  0  2  .	 0 	1
where is david ortiz from	Ortiz is an eight-time All-Star and holds the Red Sox single season record for home runs in a regular season with  5  4  , set during the  2  0  0  6  season .	 0 	1
where is david ortiz from	In  2  0  0  5  , Red Sox ownership presented him with a plaque proclaiming Ortiz `` the greatest clutch-hitter in the history of the Boston Red Sox '' .	 0 	1
where is david ortiz from	He is one of  5  0  MLB players in history to hit at least  4  0  0  career home runs .	 0 	1
when was kirstie alley on cheers	Kirstie Louise Alley ( born January  1  2  ,  1  9  5  1  ) is an American actress and comedian known for her role in the TV series Cheers , in which she played Rebecca Howe from  1  9  8  7 – 1  9  9  3  , winning an Emmy Award and a Golden Globe Award as the Outstanding Lead Actress in a Comedy Series in  1  9  9  1  .	 1 	1
when was kirstie alley on cheers	She is also known for her role in the thriller Shoot to Kill and the Look Who 's Talking film series as Mollie Ubriacco .	 0 	1
when was kirstie alley on cheers	More recently , Alley has appeared in reality shows revolving around her life .	 0 	1
what is the cabin pressure of us airlines	The pressurization controls on a Boeing  7  3  7 - 8  0  0 	 1 	2
what is the cabin pressure of us airlines	Cabin pressurization is used to create a safe and comfortable environment for aircraft passengers and crew flying at high altitude by pumping conditioned air into the cabin .	 1 	2
what is the cabin pressure of us airlines	This air is usually bled off from the engines at the compressor stage .	 0 	2
what is the cabin pressure of us airlines	The air is then cooled , humidified , mixed with recirculated air if necessary and distributed to the cabin by one or more environmental control systems .	 0 	2
what is the cabin pressure of us airlines	The cabin pressure is regulated by the outflow valve .	 0 	2
where is penn state stadium	Beaver Stadium is an outdoor college football stadium in University Park , Pennsylvania , United States , on the campus of The Pennsylvania State University .	 1 	1
where is penn state stadium	It is home to the Penn State Nittany Lions of the Big Ten Conference since  1  9  6  0  , though some parts of the stadium date back to  1  9  0  9  .	 0 	1
where is penn state stadium	The stadium is named for James A. Beaver , a former governor of Pennsylvania (  1  8  8  7 – 9  1  ) and president of the university 's board of trustees .	 0 	1
where is penn state stadium	Beaver Stadium has an official seating capacity of  1  0  6 , 5  7  2  , making it currently the second-largest stadium in the Western Hemisphere and the fourth-largest in the world .	 0 	1
where is penn state stadium	Beaver Stadium is widely known as one of the toughest venues for opposing teams in collegiate athletics .	 0 	1
where is penn state stadium	In  2  0  0  8  , Beaver Stadium was recognized as having the best student section in the country for the second consecutive year .	 0 	1
where is penn state stadium	The stadium is the first to have its interior included in Google Street View .	 0 	1
what was the parthenon used for	The Parthenon ( ) is a temple on the Athenian Acropolis , Greece , dedicated to the maiden goddess Athena , whom the people of Athens considered their patron deity .	 1 	1
what was the parthenon used for	Night view	 0 	1
what was the parthenon used for	Its construction began in  4  4  7  BC when the Athenian Empire was at the height of its power .	 0 	1
what was the parthenon used for	It was completed in  4  3  8  BC , although decoration of the building continued until  4  3  2  BC .	 0 	1
what was the parthenon used for	It is the most important surviving building of Classical Greece , generally considered the culmination of the development of the Doric order .	 0 	1
what was the parthenon used for	Its decorative sculptures are considered some of the high points of Greek art .	 0 	1
what was the parthenon used for	The Parthenon is regarded as an enduring symbol of Ancient Greece , Athenian democracy , western civilization and one of the world 's greatest cultural monuments .	 0 	1
what was the parthenon used for	The Greek Ministry of Culture is currently carrying out a program of selective restoration and reconstruction to ensure the stability of the partially ruined structure .	 0 	1
what was the parthenon used for	The Parthenon itself replaced an older temple of Athena , which historians call the Pre-Parthenon or Older Parthenon , that was destroyed in the Persian invasion of  4  8  0  BC .	 0 	1
what was the parthenon used for	The temple is archaeoastronomically aligned to the Hyades .	 0 	1
what was the parthenon used for	Like most Greek temples , the Parthenon was used as a treasury .	 0 	1
what was the parthenon used for	For a time , it also served as the treasury of the Delian League , which later became the Athenian Empire .	 0 	1
what was the parthenon used for	In the  5 th century AD , the Parthenon was converted into a Christian church dedicated to the Virgin Mary .	 0 	1
what was the parthenon used for	After the Ottoman conquest , it was turned into a mosque in the early  1  4  6  0 s .	 0 	1
what was the parthenon used for	On  2  6  September  1  6  8  7  , an Ottoman ammunition dump inside the building was ignited by Venetian bombardment .	 0 	1
what was the parthenon used for	The resulting explosion severely damaged the Parthenon and its sculptures .	 0 	1
what was the parthenon used for	In  1  8  0  6  , Thomas Bruce ,  7 th Earl of Elgin removed some of the surviving sculptures , with the permission of the Ottoman Empire .	 0 	1
what was the parthenon used for	These sculptures , now known as the Elgin Marbles or the Parthenon Marbles , were sold in  1  8  1  6  to the British Museum in London , where they are now displayed .	 0 	1
what was the parthenon used for	Since  1  9  8  3  ( on the initiative of Culture Minister Melina Mercouri ) , the Greek government has been committed to the return of the sculptures to Greece .	 0 	1
what is stepwise linear regression	In statistics , stepwise regression includes regression models in which the choice of predictive variables is carried out by an automatic procedure .	 1 	1
what is stepwise linear regression	Usually , this takes the form of a sequence of F-tests , but other techniques are possible , such as t-tests , adjusted R-square , Akaike information criterion , Bayesian information criterion , Mallows 's Cp , or false discovery rate .	 0 	1
what is stepwise linear regression	The frequent practice of fitting the final selected model followed by reporting estimates and confidence intervals without adjusting them to take the model building process into account has led to calls to stop using stepwise model building altogether or to at least make sure model uncertainty is correctly reflected .	 0 	1
what is stepwise linear regression	In this example from engineering , necessity and sufficiency are usually determined by F-tests .	 0 	1
what is stepwise linear regression	For additional consideration , when planning an experiment , computer simulation , or scientific survey to collect data for this model , one must keep in mind the number of parameters , P , to estimate and adjust the sample size accordingly .	 0 	1
what is stepwise linear regression	For K variables , P =  1  ( Start ) + K ( Stage I ) + ( K 2  − K ) / 2  ( Stage II ) +  3 K ( Stage III ) =  0 . 5 K 2  +  3 . 5 K +  1  .	 0 	1
what is stepwise linear regression	For K <  1  7  , an efficient design of experiments exists for this type of model , a Box–Behnken design , augmented with positive and negative axial points of length min (  2  , ( int (  1 . 5  + K/ 4  ) )  1 / 2  ) , plus point ( s ) at the origin . There are more efficient designs , requiring fewer runs , even for K >  1  6  .	 0 	1
where was jfk buried	After the Requiem Mass at St. Matthew 's Cathedral , the late president was buried at Arlington National Cemetery in Virginia .	 1 	1
where was jfk buried	The state funeral of John F. Kennedy took place in Washington , D.C . , during the three days that followed his assassination on Friday , November  2  2  ,  1  9  6  3  , in Dallas , Texas .	 0 	1
where was jfk buried	The body of President Kennedy was brought back to Washington and placed in the East Room of the White House for  2  4  hours .	 0 	1
where was jfk buried	On the Sunday after the assassination , his flag-draped coffin was carried on a horse-drawn caisson to the U.S. Capitol to lie in state .	 0 	1
where was jfk buried	Throughout the day and night , hundreds of thousands lined up to view the guarded casket .	 0 	1
where was jfk buried	Representatives from over  9  0  countries attended the state funeral on Monday , November  2  5  .	 0 	1
where was jfk buried	Kennedy is the most recent president to have died in office .	 0 	1
what is baklava recipe	Baklava ( , , or ; also Baklawa ) is a rich , sweet pastry made of layers of phyllo pastry filled with chopped nuts and sweetened with syrup or honey .	 1 	1
what is baklava recipe	It is characteristic of the cuisines of the former Ottoman Empire and those of Central and Southwest Asia .	 0 	1
who is carlos pena on big time rush	Big Time Rush ( BTR ) is an American television series created by Scott Fellows about the Hollywood misadventures of four hockey players from Minnesota —Kendall , James , Carlos , and Logan , after they are selected to form a boy band .	 1 	1
who is carlos pena on big time rush	The series premiered with an hour-long pilot episode , `` Big Time Audition `` , on Nickelodeon , on November  2  8  ,  2  0  0  9  .	 0 	1
who is carlos pena on big time rush	Its official debut episode premiered on January  1  8  ,  2  0  1  0  , earning  6 . 8  million viewers , making it Nickelodeon 's highest-rated live-action series debut ever .	 0 	1
who is carlos pena on big time rush	The show 's second season premiered on September  2  5  ,  2  0  1  0  .	 0 	1
who is carlos pena on big time rush	On May  2  4  ,  2  0  1  1  , Big Time Rush was renewed for a third season with production scheduled to begin January  2  0  1  2  Season three premiered May  1  2  ,  2  0  1  2  .	 0 	1
who is carlos pena on big time rush	On August  6  ,  2  0  1  2  , Nickelodeon renewed Big Time Rush for a  1  3 -episode fourth season .	 0 	1
who is carlos pena on big time rush	Production began on January  7  ,  2  0  1  3  .	 0 	1
who is carlos pena on big time rush	The fourth season is scheduled to premiere May  2  ,  2  0  1  3  .	 0 	1
where is the arctic circle located on the earth	The Arctic Circle is the southernmost latitude in the Northern Hemisphere at which the sun can remain continuously above or below the horizon for  2  4  hours ( at the June solstice and December solstice respectively ) .	 1 	1
where is the arctic circle located on the earth	World map showing the Arctic Circle in red .	 0 	1
where is the arctic circle located on the earth	Map of the Arctic with the Arctic Circle in blue .	 0 	1
where is the arctic circle located on the earth	The Arctic Circle is one of the five major circles of latitude that mark maps of the Earth .	 0 	1
where is the arctic circle located on the earth	In  2  0  1  2  , it is the parallel of latitude that runs north of the Equator .	 0 	1
where is the arctic circle located on the earth	The region north of this circle is known as the Arctic , and the zone just to the south is called the Northern Temperate Zone .	 0 	1
where is the arctic circle located on the earth	The equivalent polar circle in the Southern Hemisphere is called the Antarctic Circle .	 0 	1
where is the arctic circle located on the earth	North of the Arctic Circle , the sun is above the horizon for  2  4  continuous hours at least once per year ( and therefore visible at midnight ) and below the horizon for  2  4  continuous hours at least once per year .	 0 	1
where is the arctic circle located on the earth	On the Arctic Circle those events occur , in principle , exactly once per year , at the June and December solstices , respectively .	 0 	1
where is the arctic circle located on the earth	It would therefore seem that the Arctic Circle marks the southern extremity of the northern hemisphere polar day (  2  4 -hour sunlit day , often referred to as the midnight sun ) and polar night (  2  4 -hour sunless night ) .	 0 	1
where is the arctic circle located on the earth	In fact , because of atmospheric refraction and mirages , and because the sun appears as a disk and not a point , part of the midnight sun may be seen on the night of the northern summer solstice up to about  5  0  ′ ( ) south of the Arctic Circle ; similarly , on the day of the northern winter solstice , part of the sun may be seen up to about  5  0 ′ north of the Arctic Circle .	 0 	1
where is the arctic circle located on the earth	That is true at sea level ; those limits increase with elevation above sea level although in mountainous regions , there is often no direct view of the true horizon .	 0 	1
where is the arctic circle located on the earth	The position of the Arctic Circle is not fixed .	 0 	1
where is the arctic circle located on the earth	It directly depends on the Earth 's axial tilt , which fluctuates within a margin of  2 ° over a  4  0 , 0  0  0  year period , notably due to tidal forces resulting from the orbit of the Moon .	 0 	1
where is the arctic circle located on the earth	The Arctic Circle is currently drifting northwards at a speed of about per year ; see Circle of latitude for more information .	 0 	1
where are colors on stoplight	In the typical sequence of color phases:	 1 	4
where are colors on stoplight	the green light allows traffic to proceed in the direction denoted , if it is safe to do so	 1 	4
where are colors on stoplight	the yellow/amber light denoting prepare to stop short of the intersection , if it is safe to do so	 1 	4
where are colors on stoplight	the red signal prohibits any traffic from proceeding	 1 	4
where are colors on stoplight	An LED traffic light in Portsmouth , England	 0 	4
where are colors on stoplight	Traffic lights , also known as traffic signals , traffic lamps , signal lights , robots in South Africa and , in the past , semaphores , are signalling devices positioned at road intersections , pedestrian crossings and other locations to control competing flows of traffic .	 0 	4
where are colors on stoplight	Traffic lights were first installed in  1  8  6  8  in London and are now used all over the world .	 0 	4
where are colors on stoplight	Traffic lights alternate the right of way accorded to road users by displaying lights of a standard color ( red , yellow/amber , and green ) following a universal color code .	 0 	4
what was the GE building in rockefeller plaza called before .	Known as the RCA Building until  1  9  8  8  , it is most famous for housing the headquarters of the television network NBC .	 1 	1
what was the GE building in rockefeller plaza called before .	The GE Building is an Art Deco skyscraper that forms the centerpiece of Rockefeller Center in Midtown Manhattan , New York City , USA .	 0 	1
what was the GE building in rockefeller plaza called before .	At  8  5  0  feet (  2  5  9  m ) tall , the  7  0 -story building is the  1  0 th tallest building in New York City and the  3  3 rd tallest in the United States .	 0 	1
what was the GE building in rockefeller plaza called before .	Some of the building 's nicknames include The Slab and  3  0  Rock .	 0 	1
what was the GE building in rockefeller plaza called before .	The latter is derived from its address which is at  3  0  Rockefeller Plaza .	 0 	1
WHO WAS IN THE MOVIE I CONFESS WITH MONTGOMERY CLIFT	I Confess is a  1  9  5  3  drama film directed by Alfred Hitchcock , and starring Montgomery Clift as Fr . Michael William Logan , a Catholic priest , Anne Baxter as Ruth Grandfort , and Karl Malden as Inspector Larrue .	 1 	1
WHO WAS IN THE MOVIE I CONFESS WITH MONTGOMERY CLIFT	Biographers say Hitchcock had trouble with `` Method `` actors such as Clift and Paul Newman , who worked with him in Torn Curtain (  1  9  6  6  ) .	 0 	1
WHO WAS IN THE MOVIE I CONFESS WITH MONTGOMERY CLIFT	In the book-length interview Hitchcock/Truffaut (  1  9  6  7  ) , Hitchcock said he had hired Anita Björk as the female lead for I Confess , after seeing her in Miss Julie (  1  9  5  1  ) .	 0 	1
WHO WAS IN THE MOVIE I CONFESS WITH MONTGOMERY CLIFT	However , when Björk arrived in Hollywood with her lover and their baby , Warner Bros. insisted that Hitchcock find another actress .	 0 	1
WHO WAS IN THE MOVIE I CONFESS WITH MONTGOMERY CLIFT	The film is based on a  1  9  0  2  French play by Paul Anthelme called Nos Deux Consciences , a play Hitchcock saw in the  1  9  3  0 s .	 0 	1
WHO WAS IN THE MOVIE I CONFESS WITH MONTGOMERY CLIFT	The screenplay was written by George Tabori .	 0 	1
WHO WAS IN THE MOVIE I CONFESS WITH MONTGOMERY CLIFT	The movie was largely filmed on location in Quebec City with numerous shots of the city landscape and interiors of its churches and other emblematic buildings , such as the Château Frontenac .	 0 	1
what is article  5  about	Article Five of the United States Constitution describes the process whereby the Constitution may be altered .	 1 	1
what is article  5  about	Resolution proposing the Nineteenth Amendment	 0 	1
what is article  5  about	Altering the Constitution consists of proposing an amendment or amendments and subsequent ratification .	 0 	1
what is article  5  about	Amendments may be proposed by either:	 0 	1
what is article  5  about	two-thirds of both houses of the United States Congress ; or	 0 	1
what is article  5  about	by a national convention assembled at the request of the legislatures of at least two-thirds of the states .	 0 	1
what is article  5  about	To become part of the Constitution , amendments must then be ratified either by approval of:	 0 	1
what is article  5  about	the legislatures of three-fourths of the states ; or	 0 	1
what is article  5  about	state ratifying conventions held in three-fourths of the states .	 0 	1
what is article  5  about	Congress has discretion as to which method of ratification should be used .	 0 	1
what is article  5  about	Any amendment so ratified becomes a valid part of the Constitution , provided that no state `` shall be deprived of its equal Suffrage in the senate , '' without its consent .	 0 	1
What is the function of albumin ?	Albumin transports hormones , fatty acids , and other compounds , buffers pH , and maintains osmotic pressure , among other functions .	 1 	1
What is the function of albumin ?	Human serum albumin is the most abundant protein in human blood plasma .	 0 	1
What is the function of albumin ?	It is produced in the liver .	 0 	1
What is the function of albumin ?	Albumin constitutes about half of the blood serum protein .	 0 	1
What is the function of albumin ?	It is soluble and monomeric .	 0 	1
What is the function of albumin ?	Albumin is synthesized in the liver as preproalbumin , which has an N-terminal peptide that is removed before the nascent protein is released from the rough endoplasmic reticulum .	 0 	1
What is the function of albumin ?	The product , proalbumin , is in turn cleaved in the Golgi vesicles to produce the secreted albumin .	 0 	1
What is the function of albumin ?	The reference range for albumin concentrations in blood is  3 . 4  to  5 . 4  g/dL .	 0 	1
What is the function of albumin ?	It has a serum half-life of approximately  2  0  days .	 0 	1
What is the function of albumin ?	It has a molecular mass of  6  7  kDa .	 0 	1
What is the function of albumin ?	The gene for albumin is located on chromosome  4  and mutations in this gene can result in anomalous proteins .	 0 	1
What is the function of albumin ?	The human albumin gene is  1  6 , 9  6  1  nucleotides long from the putative 'cap ' site to the first poly ( A ) addition site .	 0 	1
What is the function of albumin ?	It is split into  1  5  exons that are symmetrically placed within the  3  domains thought to have arisen by triplication of a single primordial domain .	 0 	1
where is Desmanthus Illinoensis found	Desmanthus illinoensis ( commonly known as Illinois bundleflower , prairie-mimosa or prickleweed ) is a plant in many areas of the south central US .	 1 	1
where is Desmanthus Illinoensis found	Root bark of D. illinoensis has been found to contain N , N-DMT , NMT , N-hydroxy-N-methyltryptamine ,  2 -hydroxy-N-methyltryptamine , and gramine ( toxic ) .	 0 	1
where is Desmanthus Illinoensis found	USDA Zones  5 - 8  are recommended for outside cultivation .	 0 	1
when was pearl harbor bombed	The attack on Pearl Harbor ( called Hawaii Operation or Operation AI by the Japanese Imperial General Headquarters ( Operation Z in planning ) and the Battle of Pearl Harbor ) was a surprise military strike conducted by the Imperial Japanese Navy against the United States naval base at Pearl Harbor , Hawaii , on the morning of December  7  ,  1  9  4  1  ( December  8  in Japan ) .	 1 	1
when was pearl harbor bombed	From the standpoint of the defenders , the attack commenced at  7 : 4  8  a.m. Hawaiian Time .	 0 	1
when was pearl harbor bombed	The attack was intended as a preventive action in order to keep the U.S. Pacific Fleet from interfering with military actions the Empire of Japan was planning in Southeast Asia against overseas territories of the United Kingdom , the Netherlands , and the United States .	 0 	1
when was pearl harbor bombed	The base was attacked by  3  5  3  Japanese fighters , bombers and torpedo planes in two waves , launched from six aircraft carriers .	 0 	1
when was pearl harbor bombed	All eight U.S. Navy battleships were damaged , with four being sunk .	 0 	1
when was pearl harbor bombed	Two of these were later raised , and with the remaining four repaired , six battleships returned to service later in the war .	 0 	1
when was pearl harbor bombed	The Japanese also sank or damaged three cruisers , three destroyers , an anti-aircraft training ship , and one minelayer .	 0 	1
when was pearl harbor bombed	 1  8  8  U.S. aircraft were destroyed ;  2 , 4  0  2  Americans were killed and  1 , 2  8  2  wounded .	 0 	1
when was pearl harbor bombed	Important base installations such as the power station , shipyard , maintenance , and fuel and torpedo storage facilities , as well as the submarine piers and headquarters building ( also home of the intelligence section ) were not attacked .	 0 	1
when was pearl harbor bombed	Japanese losses were light :  2  9  aircraft and five midget submarines lost , and  6  5  servicemen killed or wounded .	 0 	1
when was pearl harbor bombed	One Japanese sailor was captured .	 0 	1
when was pearl harbor bombed	The attack came as a profound shock to the American people and led directly to the American entry into World War II in both the Pacific and European theaters .	 0 	1
when was pearl harbor bombed	The following day ( December  8  ) , the United States declared war on Japan .	 0 	1
when was pearl harbor bombed	Domestic support for non-interventionism , which had been strong , disappeared .	 0 	1
when was pearl harbor bombed	Clandestine support of Britain ( for example the Neutrality Patrol ) was replaced by active alliance .	 0 	1
when was pearl harbor bombed	Subsequent operations by the U.S. prompted Germany and Italy to declare war on the U.S. on December  1  1  , which was reciprocated by the U.S. the same day .	 0 	1
when was pearl harbor bombed	There were numerous historical precedents for unannounced military action by Japan .	 0 	1
when was pearl harbor bombed	However , the lack of any formal warning , particularly while negotiations were still apparently ongoing , led President Franklin D. Roosevelt to proclaim December  7  ,  1  9  4  1  , `` a date which will live in infamy `` .	 0 	1
what is associates arts degree	An associate degree is an undergraduate academic degree awarded by community colleges , junior colleges , technical colleges , and bachelor 's degree -granting colleges and universities upon completion of a course of study usually lasting two years .	 1 	1
what is associates arts degree	In the United States , and some areas of Canada , an associate degree is often equivalent to the first two years of a four-year college or university degree .	 0 	1
what is associates arts degree	It is the lowest in the hierarchy of post-secondary academic degrees offered in these countries .	 0 	1
what is associates arts degree	Although an associate degree is not usually as lucrative as a bachelor 's degree , the resulting careers can still afford a respectable income , particularly in the healthcare field , with greater job security and much less student debt .	 0 	1
What was Captain Ahab 's Ship in the novel `` Moby Dick ''	The story tells the adventures of wandering sailor Ishmael , and his voyage on the whaleship Pequod , commanded by Captain Ahab .	 1 	1
What was Captain Ahab 's Ship in the novel `` Moby Dick ''	Moby-Dick ; or , The Whale is a novel by Herman Melville , first published in  1  8  5  1  .	 0 	1
What was Captain Ahab 's Ship in the novel `` Moby Dick ''	It is considered to be one of the Great American Novels and a treasure of world literature .	 0 	1
What was Captain Ahab 's Ship in the novel `` Moby Dick ''	Ishmael soon learns that Ahab has one purpose on this voyage : to seek out Moby Dick , a ferocious , enigmatic white sperm whale .	 0 	1
What was Captain Ahab 's Ship in the novel `` Moby Dick ''	In a previous encounter , the whale destroyed Ahab 's boat and bit off his leg , which now drives Ahab to take revenge .	 0 	1
What was Captain Ahab 's Ship in the novel `` Moby Dick ''	In Moby-Dick , Melville employs stylized language , symbolism , and the metaphor to explore numerous complex themes .	 0 	1
What was Captain Ahab 's Ship in the novel `` Moby Dick ''	Through the journey of the main characters , the concepts of class and social status , good and evil , and the existence of God are all examined , as the main characters speculate upon their personal beliefs and their places in the universe .	 0 	1
What was Captain Ahab 's Ship in the novel `` Moby Dick ''	The narrator 's reflections , along with his descriptions of a sailor 's life aboard a whaling ship , are woven into the narrative along with Shakespearean literary devices , such as stage directions , extended soliloquies , and asides .	 0 	1
What was Captain Ahab 's Ship in the novel `` Moby Dick ''	The book portrays destructive obsession and monomania , as well as the assumption of anthropomorphism —projecting human instincts , characteristics and motivations onto animals .	 0 	1
What was Captain Ahab 's Ship in the novel `` Moby Dick ''	Moby Dick is ruthless in attacking the sailors who attempt to hunt and kill him , but it is Ahab who invests Moby Dick 's natural instincts with malignant and evil intentions .	 0 	1
What was Captain Ahab 's Ship in the novel `` Moby Dick ''	In fact , it is not the whale but the crippled Ahab who alone possesses this characteristic .	 0 	1
What was Captain Ahab 's Ship in the novel `` Moby Dick ''	Moby-Dick has been classified as American Romanticism .	 0 	1
What was Captain Ahab 's Ship in the novel `` Moby Dick ''	It was first published by Richard Bentley in London on October  1  8  ,  1  8  5  1  , in an expurgated three-volume edition titled The Whale , and weeks later as a single volume , by New York City publisher Harper and Brothers as Moby-Dick ; or , The Whale on November  1  4  ,  1  8  5  1  .	 0 	1
What was Captain Ahab 's Ship in the novel `` Moby Dick ''	The book initially received mixed reviews , but Moby-Dick is now considered part of the Western canon , and at the center of the canon of American novels .	 0 	1
What was Captain Ahab 's Ship in the novel `` Moby Dick ''	`` Moby-Dick '' begins with the line `` Call me Ishmael . ''	 0 	1
What was Captain Ahab 's Ship in the novel `` Moby Dick ''	According to the American Book Review 's rating in  2  0  1  1  , this is one of the most recognizable opening lines in Western literature .	 0 	1
what is oregon institute of technology like	Oregon Institute of Technology , also known as Oregon Tech or OIT , is one of seven Universities in the Oregon University System , and the only public institute of technology in the Pacific Northwest .	 1 	1
what is oregon institute of technology like	Oregon Tech provides degree programs in engineering and health technologies , management , communications , psychology and applied sciences through hands-on learning .	 0 	1
what is oregon institute of technology like	Oregon Tech has a full-service , residential campus in Klamath Falls , Oregon and an urban campus in Wilsonville , Oregon .	 0 	1
what is oregon institute of technology like	The university also has sites in Salem , La Grande , and Seattle , as well as online degree offerings .	 0 	1
what is linkedin used for	LinkedIn ( ) is a social networking website for people in professional occupations .	 1 	1
what is linkedin used for	Founded in December  2  0  0  2  and launched on May  5  ,  2  0  0  3  , it is mainly used for professional networking .	 0 	1
what is linkedin used for	, LinkedIn reports more than  2  0  0  million acquired users in more than  2  0  0  countries and territories .	 0 	1
what is linkedin used for	The site is available in English , French , German , Italian , Portuguese , Spanish , Dutch , Swedish , Romanian , Russian , Turkish , Japanese , Czech , Polish , Korean , Indonesian , and Malay .	 0 	1
what is linkedin used for	Quantcast reports LinkedIn has  2  1 . 4  million monthly unique U.S. visitors and  4  7 . 6  million globally .	 0 	1
what is linkedin used for	In June  2  0  1  1  , LinkedIn had  3  3 . 9  million unique visitors , up  6  3  percent from a year earlier and surpassing MySpace .	 0 	1
what is linkedin used for	LinkedIn filed for an initial public offering in January  2  0  1  1  and traded its first shares on May  1  9  ,  2  0  1  1  , under the NYSE symbol `` LNKD '' .	 0 	1
where is the world cup in  2  0  1  0 	It took place in South Africa from  1  1  June to  1  1  July  2  0  1  0  .	 1 	1
where is the world cup in  2  0  1  0 	The  2  0  1  0  FIFA World Cup was the  1  9 th FIFA World Cup , the world championship for men 's national association football teams .	 0 	1
where is the world cup in  2  0  1  0 	The bidding process for hosting the tournament finals was open only to African nations ; in  2  0  0  4  , the international football federation , FIFA , selected South Africa over Egypt and Morocco to become the first African nation to host the finals .	 0 	1
where is the world cup in  2  0  1  0 	The matches were played in ten stadiums in nine host cities around the country , with the final played at the Soccer City stadium in South Africa 's largest city , Johannesburg .	 0 	1
where is the world cup in  2  0  1  0 	Thirty-two teams were selected for participation via a worldwide qualification tournament that began in August  2  0  0  7  .	 0 	1
where is the world cup in  2  0  1  0 	In the first round of the tournament finals , the teams competed in round-robin groups of four teams for points , with the top two teams in each group proceeding .	 0 	1
where is the world cup in  2  0  1  0 	These sixteen teams advanced to the knockout stage , where three rounds of play decided which teams would participate in the final .	 0 	1
where is the world cup in  2  0  1  0 	In the final , Spain , the European champions , defeated third-time finalists the Netherlands  1 – 0  after extra time , with Andrés Iniesta 's goal in the  1  1  6 th minute giving Spain their first world title , becoming the eighth nation to win the tournament , and the first European nation to win the tournament outside its home continent .	 0 	1
where is the world cup in  2  0  1  0 	Host nation South Africa ,  2  0  0  6  world champions Italy and  2  0  0  6  runners-up France were all eliminated in the first round of the tournament .	 0 	1
where is the world cup in  2  0  1  0 	It was the first time that the hosts were eliminated in the first round .	 0 	1
where is the world cup in  2  0  1  0 	New Zealand with their three draws were the only undefeated team in the tournament , but were also eliminated in the first round .	 0 	1
what is jagger bombs	The Jägerbomb ( ) is a bomb shot cocktail that was originally mixed by dropping a shot of Jägermeister into a glass of beer and in recent years evolved by the Bagheri brothers ( UK ) with Red Bull or other energy drinks .	 1 	1
what is jagger bombs	In German-speaking countries , it is called a `` Turbojäger '' or a `` Flying Hirsch '' ( Flying Stag ) — where `` Flying '' is derived from the slogan `` Red Bull gives you wings '' and `` Stag `` originates in the Jägermeister logo .	 0 	1
what is jagger bombs	A long drink mixed with Jägermeister and Red Bull is called `` JägerBull '' as it is adopted from Jägermeister and RedBull .	 0 	1
what is jagger bombs	In Finland , it is called an `` Akkuhappo '' ( Battery Acid ) .	 0 	1
who is the author of tree grows in brooklyn	A Tree Grows in Brooklyn is a  1  9  4  3  novel written by Betty Smith .	 1 	1
who is the author of tree grows in brooklyn	The story focuses on an Irish-American family in Williamsburg , Brooklyn , New York City .	 0 	1
who is the author of tree grows in brooklyn	The novel is set in the first and second decades of the  2  0 th century .	 0 	1
who is the author of tree grows in brooklyn	The book was an immense success .	 0 	1
who is the author of tree grows in brooklyn	The main metaphor of the book is the hardy Tree of Heaven , native to China and Taiwan , now considered invasive , and common in the vacant lots of New York City .	 0 	1
what is the difference between alpha lipoic acid and lipoic acid	Lipoic acid ( LA ) , also known as α-lipoic acid and alpha lipoic acid ( ALA ) is an organosulfur compound derived from octanoic acid .	 1 	1
what is the difference between alpha lipoic acid and lipoic acid	LA contains two sulfur atoms ( at C 6  and C 8  ) connected by a disulfide bond and is thus considered to be oxidized although either sulfur atom can exist in higher oxidation states .	 0 	1
what is the difference between alpha lipoic acid and lipoic acid	The carbon atom at C 6  is chiral and the molecule exists as two enantiomers ( R ) - ( + ) -lipoic acid ( RLA ) and ( S ) - ( - ) -lipoic acid ( SLA ) and as a racemic mixture ( R/S ) -lipoic acid ( R/S-LA ) .	 0 	1
what is the difference between alpha lipoic acid and lipoic acid	Only the ( R ) - ( + ) -enantiomer exists in nature and is an essential cofactor of four mitochondrial enzyme complexes .	 0 	1
what is the difference between alpha lipoic acid and lipoic acid	Endogenously synthesized RLA is essential for aerobic metabolism .	 0 	1
what is the difference between alpha lipoic acid and lipoic acid	Both RLA and R/S-LA are available as over-the-counter nutritional supplements and have been used nutritionally and clinically since the  1  9  5  0 s for various diseases and conditions .	 0 	1
what is the difference between alpha lipoic acid and lipoic acid	LA appears physically as a yellow solid and structurally contains a terminal carboxylic acid and a terminal dithiolane ring .	 0 	1
what is the difference between alpha lipoic acid and lipoic acid	The relationship between endogenously synthesized ( enzyme–bound ) RLA and administered free RLA or R/S-LA has not been fully characterized but free plasma and cellular levels increase and decrease rapidly after oral consumption or intravenous injections .	 0 	1
what is the difference between alpha lipoic acid and lipoic acid	`` Lipoate '' is the conjugate base of lipoic acid , and the most prevalent form of LA under physiologic conditions .	 0 	1
what is the difference between alpha lipoic acid and lipoic acid	Although the intracellular environment is strongly reducing , both free LA and its reduced form , dihydrolipoic acid ( DHLA ) , have been detected in cells after administration of LA .	 0 	1
what is the difference between alpha lipoic acid and lipoic acid	Most endogenously produced RLA is not “free” because octanoic acid , the precursor to RLA , is bound to the enzyme complexes prior to enzymatic insertion of the sulfur atoms .	 0 	1
what is the difference between alpha lipoic acid and lipoic acid	As a cofactor , RLA is covalently attached by an amide bond to a terminal lysine residue of the enzyme’s lipoyl domains .	 0 	1
what is the difference between alpha lipoic acid and lipoic acid	One of the most studied roles of RLA is as a cofactor of the pyruvate dehydrogenase complex ( PDC or PDHC ) , though it is a cofactor in other enzymatic systems as well ( described below ) .	 0 	1
what is gravy made of	Gravy is a sauce , made often from the juices that run naturally from meat or vegetables during cooking .	 1 	2
what is gravy made of	The gravy may be further colored and flavored with gravy salt ( a simple mix of salt and caramel food colouring ) or gravy browning ( gravy salt dissolved in water ) or ready-made cubes and powders can be used as a substitute for natural meat or vegetable extracts .	 1 	2
what is gravy made of	Gravy can be served in a pitcher or gravy boat .	 0 	2
what is gravy made of	Biscuits covered in sausage gravy	 0 	2
what is gravy made of	Instant gravy granules	 0 	2
what is gravy made of	In North America the term can refer to a wider variety of sauces .	 0 	2
what is gravy made of	Canned gravies are also available .	 0 	2
what is gravy made of	Gravy is commonly served with roasts , meatloaf , rice , and mashed potatoes .	 0 	2
What is the the North American Free Trade Agreement ?	The North American Free Trade Agreement ( NAFTA ) is an agreement signed by Canada , Mexico , and the United States , creating a trilateral trade bloc in North America .	 1 	1
What is the the North American Free Trade Agreement ?	The agreement came into force on January  1  ,  1  9  9  4  .	 0 	1
What is the the North American Free Trade Agreement ?	It superseded the Canada–United States Free Trade Agreement between the U.S. , Canada , and Mexico	 0 	1
What is the the North American Free Trade Agreement ?	NAFTA has two supplements : the North American Agreement on Environmental Cooperation ( NAAEC ) and the North American Agreement on Labor Cooperation ( NAALC ) .	 0 	1
When was  2  7 th amendment proposed	It was submitted to the states for ratification in  1  7  8  9  and was adopted in  1  9  9  2  .	 1 	1
When was  2  7 th amendment proposed	Page  1  of the Twenty-seventh Amendment 's certification in the National Archives	 0 	1
When was  2  7 th amendment proposed	Page  2  of the amendment 's certification	 0 	1
When was  2  7 th amendment proposed	Page  3  of the amendment 's certification	 0 	1
When was  2  7 th amendment proposed	The Twenty-seventh Amendment ( Amendment XXVII ) prohibits any law that increases or decreases the salary of members of the Congress from taking effect until the start of the next set of terms of office for Representatives .	 0 	1
When was  2  7 th amendment proposed	It is the most recent amendment to the United States Constitution .	 0 	1
where was paul revere born	Paul Revere ( December  2  1  ,  1  7  3  4 May  1  0  ,  1  8  1  8  ) was an American silversmith , early industrialist , and a patriot in the American Revolution .	 1 	1
where was paul revere born	He is most famous for alerting Colonial militia of approaching British forces before the battles of Lexington and Concord , as dramatized in Henry Wadsworth Longfellow 's poem , `` Paul Revere 's Ride . ''	 0 	1
where was paul revere born	Revere was a prosperous and prominent Boston silversmith , who helped organize an intelligence and alarm system to keep watch on the British military .	 0 	1
where was paul revere born	Revere later served as a Massachusetts militia officer , though his service culminated after the Penobscot Expedition , one of the most disastrous campaigns of the American Revolutionary War , for which he was absolved of blame .	 0 	1
where was paul revere born	Following the war , Revere returned to his silversmith trade and used the profits from his expanding business to finance his work in iron casting , bronze bell and cannon casting , and the forging of copper bolts and spikes .	 0 	1
where was paul revere born	Finally in  1  8  0  0  he became the first American to successfully roll copper into sheets for use as sheathing on naval vessels .	 0 	1
where are kenworth trucks built	Kenworth is an American manufacturer of medium and heavy-duty Class  8  trucks based in Kirkland , Washington , United States , a suburb of Seattle , Washington .	 1 	1
where are kenworth trucks built	It is a subsidiary of PACCAR , and is also a former manufacturer of transit buses and school buses .	 0 	1
where is UWA on world list of universities	One of Australia 's best and most prestigious universities , UWA is highly ranked internationally in various publications ; the  2  0  1  1  QS World University Rankings placed UWA at  7  3 rd internationally .	 1 	1
where is UWA on world list of universities	The University of Western Australia ( UWA ) was established by an Act of the Western Australian Parliament in February  1  9  1  1  , and began teaching students for the first time in  1  9  1  3  .	 0 	1
where is UWA on world list of universities	It is the oldest university in the state of Western Australia and the only university in the state to be a member of the Group of Eight , as well as the sandstone universities .	 0 	1
where is UWA on world list of universities	UWA was established under and is governed by the University of Western Australia Act  1  9  1  1  .	 0 	1
where is UWA on world list of universities	The Act provides for control and management by the university 's Senate , and gives it the authority , amongst other things , to make statutes , regulations and by-laws , details of which are contained in the university Calendar .	 0 	1
where is UWA on world list of universities	To date UWA has produced close to  1  0  0  Rhodes Scholars and a Nobel Prize winner .	 0 	1
where is UWA on world list of universities	UWA recently joined the Matariki Network of Universities as the youngest member , the only one established during the  2  0 th century .	 0 	1
what is IBRIX	IBRIX Fusion is a scalable parallel file system combined with integrated logical volume manager , availability features and a management interface .	 1 	1
what is IBRIX	The software was produced , sold , and supported by IBRIX Incorporated of Billerica , Massachusetts .	 0 	1
what is IBRIX	HP announced on July  1  7  ,  2  0  0  9  that it had reached a definitive agreement to acquire IBRIX .	 0 	1
what is IBRIX	Subsequent to the acquisition , the software components of IBRIX have been combined with ProLiant servers to form the X 9  0  0  0  series of storage systems .	 0 	1
what is IBRIX	The X 9  0  0  0  storage systems are designed to provide network-attached storage over both standard protocols ( CIFS , NFS , HTTP and NDMP ) as well as a proprietary protocol .	 0 	1
what is IBRIX	Architecturally , the file system is limited to  1  6  petabytes under a single namespace , and is based upon a design described in .	 0 	1
what is bilirubin total	Bilirubin ( formerly referred to as hematoidin ) is the yellow breakdown product of normal heme catabolism .	 1 	1
what is bilirubin total	Heme is found in hemoglobin , a principal component of red blood cells .	 0 	1
what is bilirubin total	Bilirubin is excreted in bile and urine , and elevated levels may indicate certain diseases .	 0 	1
what is bilirubin total	It is responsible for the yellow color of bruises , the background straw-yellow color of urine ( via its reduced breakdown product , urobilin – the more obvious but variable bright yellow colour of urine is due to thiochrome , a breakdown product of thiamine ) , the brown color of feces ( via its conversion to stercobilin ) , and the yellow discoloration in jaundice .	 0 	1
what is bilirubin total	It has also been found in plants .	 0 	1
what is three phase electrical	Three-phase electric power is a common method of alternating-current electric power generation , transmission , and distribution .	 1 	1
what is three phase electrical	Three-phase transformer with four wire output for  2  0  8 Y/ 1  2  0  volt service : one wire for neutral , others for A , B and C phases	 0 	1
what is three phase electrical	Three-phase electric power transmission	 0 	1
what is three phase electrical	It is a type of polyphase system and is the most common method used by electrical grids worldwide to transfer power .	 0 	1
what is three phase electrical	It is also used to power large motors and other heavy loads .	 0 	1
what is three phase electrical	A three-phase system is usually more economical than an equivalent single-phase or two-phase system at the same voltage because it uses less conductor material to transmit electrical power .	 0 	1
what is three phase electrical	The three-phase system was independently invented by Galileo Ferraris , Mikhail Dolivo-Dobrovolsky and Nikola Tesla in the late  1  8  8  0 s .	 0 	1
Who is the highest scoring NBA player	Wilt Chamberlain holds the all-time records for total points scored (  4 , 0  2  9  ) and points per game (  5  0 . 4  ) in a season ; both records were achieved in the  1  9  6  1 – 6  2  season .	 1 	1
Who is the highest scoring NBA player	Michael Jordan has won ten scoring titles in his career .	 0 	1
Who is the highest scoring NBA player	In basketball , points are the sum of the score accumulated through free throws or field goals .	 0 	1
Who is the highest scoring NBA player	The National Basketball Association 's ( NBA ) scoring title is awarded to the player with the highest points per game average in a given season .	 0 	1
Who is the highest scoring NBA player	The scoring title was originally determined by total points scored until the  1  9  6  8 – 6  9  season , after which points per game was used to determine the leader instead .	 0 	1
Who is the highest scoring NBA player	Players who earned scoring titles before the  1  9  7  9 – 8  0  season did not record any three-point field goals because the three-point line was first implemented in the NBA during that season .	 0 	1
Who is the highest scoring NBA player	To qualify for the scoring title , the player must appear in at least  7  0  games ( out of  8  2  ) or have at least  1  4  0  0  points .	 0 	1
Who is the highest scoring NBA player	These have been the entry criteria since the  1  9  7  4 – 7  5  season .	 0 	1
Who is the highest scoring NBA player	He also holds the rookie records for points per game when he averaged  3  7 . 6  points in the  1  9  5  9 – 6  0  season .	 0 	1
Who is the highest scoring NBA player	Among active players , Kobe Bryant has the highest point total (  2  8  3  2  ) and the highest scoring average (  3  5 . 4  ) in a season ; both were achieved in the  2  0  0  5 – 0  6  season .	 0 	1
Who is the highest scoring NBA player	Michael Jordan has won the most scoring titles , with ten .	 0 	1
Who is the highest scoring NBA player	Jordan and Chamberlain are the only players to have won seven consecutive scoring titles .	 0 	1
Who is the highest scoring NBA player	Both George Gervin and Allen Iverson have won four scoring titles in their career , and George Mikan , Neil Johnston , Kevin Durant , and Bob McAdoo have achieved it three times .	 0 	1
Who is the highest scoring NBA player	Paul Arizin , Bob Pettit , Kareem Abdul-Jabbar , Shaquille O'Neal , Tracy McGrady , and Bryant have each won the scoring title twice .	 0 	1
Who is the highest scoring NBA player	Since the  1  9  6  9 – 7  0  season , three players have won both the scoring title and the NBA championship in the same season : Abdul-Jabbar ( then Alcindor ) in  1  9  7  1  with the Milwaukee Bucks , Jordan from  1  9  9  1  to  1  9  9  3  and from  1  9  9  6  to  1  9  9  8  with the Chicago Bulls , and O'Neal in  2  0  0  0  with the Los Angeles Lakers .	 0 	1
Who is the highest scoring NBA player	O'Neal is the only scoring leader to have made no three point field goals in his winning season ( during the era of the three-point field goal ) .	 0 	1
Who is the highest scoring NBA player	At  2  1  years and  1  9  7  days , Durant is the youngest scoring leader in NBA history , averaging  3  0 . 1  ,  2  7 . 7  , and  2  8 . 0  points in the  2  0  0  9 – 1  0  ,  2  0  1  0 – 1  1  , and  2  0  1  1 – 1  2  season respectively .	 0 	1
Who is the highest scoring NBA player	The  2  0  1  2 – 1  3  scoring leader was Carmelo Anthony of the New York Knicks .	 0 	1
what is direct marketing channel	Direct marketing is a channel-agnostic form of advertising that allows businesses and nonprofits organizations to communicate straight to the customer , with advertising techniques that can include Cell Phone Text messaging , email , interactive consumer websites , online display ads , fliers , catalog distribution , promotional letters , and outdoor advertising .	 1 	1
what is direct marketing channel	Direct marketing messages emphasize a focus on the customer , data , and accountability .	 0 	1
what is direct marketing channel	Characteristics that distinguish direct marketing are:	 0 	1
what is direct marketing channel	Marketing messages are addressed directly to the customer and/or customers .	 0 	1
what is direct marketing channel	Direct marketing relies on being able to address the members of a target market .	 0 	1
what is direct marketing channel	Addressability comes in a variety of forms including email addresses , mobile phone numbers , Web browser cookies , fax numbers and postal addresses .	 0 	1
what is direct marketing channel	Direct marketing seeks to drive a specific `` call to action . ''	 0 	1
what is direct marketing channel	For example , an advertisement may ask the prospect to call a free phone number or click on a link to a website .	 0 	1
what is direct marketing channel	Direct marketing emphasizes trackable , measurable responses from customers — regardless of medium .	 0 	1
what is direct marketing channel	Direct marketing is practiced by businesses of all sizes — from the smallest start-up to the leaders on the Fortune  5  0  0  .	 0 	1
what is direct marketing channel	A well-executed direct advertising campaign can prove a positive return on investment by showing how many potential customers responded to a clear call-to-action .	 0 	1
what is direct marketing channel	General advertising eschews calls-for-action in favor of messages that try to build prospects’ emotional awareness or engagement with a brand .	 0 	1
what is direct marketing channel	Even well-designed general advertisements rarely can prove their impact on the organization’s bottom line .	 0 	1
what is disney 's magic kingdom	Magic Kingdom Park , also known as Magic Kingdom , is the first of four theme parks built at the Walt Disney World Resort in Bay Lake , Florida .	 1 	1
what is disney 's magic kingdom	It opened on October  1  ,  1  9  7  1  .	 0 	1
what is disney 's magic kingdom	Designed and built by WED Enterprises , its layout and attractions are similar to Disneyland Park in Anaheim , California , and is dedicated to fairy tales and Disney characters .	 0 	1
what is disney 's magic kingdom	In  2  0  1  1  , the park hosted approximately  1  7  million visitors , making it the most visited theme park in the world for  2  0  1  1  .	 0 	1
what is disney 's magic kingdom	The park is represented by Cinderella Castle , a replica of the fairy tale castle seen in the  1  9  5  0  film .	 0 	1
what is the name of the family who own the biltmore estates in nc	Still owned by one of Vanderbilt 's descendants , it stands today as one of the most prominent remaining examples of the Gilded Age , and of significant gardens in the jardin à la française and English Landscape garden styles in the United States .	 1 	1
what is the name of the family who own the biltmore estates in nc	Biltmore Estate is a large private estate and tourist attraction in Asheville , North Carolina .	 0 	1
what is the name of the family who own the biltmore estates in nc	Biltmore House , the main house on the estate , is a Châteauesque -styled mansion built by George Washington Vanderbilt II between  1  8  8  9  and  1  8  9  5  and is the largest privately owned house in the United States , at and featuring  2  5  0  rooms .	 0 	1
what is the name of the family who own the biltmore estates in nc	In  2  0  0  7  , it was ranked eighth in America 's Favorite Architecture by the American Institute of Architects .	 0 	1
who was the congressman who was caught with an escort in ny	On March  1  0  ,  2  0  0  8  , The New York Times reported that New York Governor Eliot Spitzer had patronized an elite escort service run by Emperors Club VIP .	 1 	1
who was the congressman who was caught with an escort in ny	Eliot Spitzer in  2  0  0  4 	 0 	1
who was the congressman who was caught with an escort in ny	The ensuing scandal led to Spitzer 's resignation as Governor on March  1  2  .	 0 	1
what is the name of chris cornell 's band ?	Chris Cornell ( born Christopher John Boyle ; July  2  0  ,  1  9  6  4  ) is an American rock musician best known as the lead vocalist and rhythm guitarist for Soundgarden and as the former lead vocalist for Audioslave .	 1 	1
what is the name of chris cornell 's band ?	He is also known for his numerous solo works and soundtrack contributions since  1  9  9  1  , in addition to being the founder and frontman for Temple of the Dog , the one-off tribute band dedicated to his former roommate , Andrew Wood .	 0 	1
what is the name of chris cornell 's band ?	Cornell 's signature prowess as a musician is generally noted as his  4 -octave vocal range , as well as his powerful vocal belting technique .	 0 	1
what is the name of chris cornell 's band ?	He has released three solo studio albums , Euphoria Morning (  1  9  9  9  ) , Carry On (  2  0  0  7  ) , and Scream (  2  0  0  9  ) .	 0 	1
what is the name of chris cornell 's band ?	Cornell was ranked  4 th in the list of `` Heavy Metal 's All-Time Top  1  0  0  Vocalists '' by Hit Parader .	 0 	1
what is the name of chris cornell 's band ?	He performed the theme song to the James Bond film Casino Royale (  2  0  0  6  ) , `` You Know My Name . ''	 0 	1
what is the name of chris cornell 's band ?	Cornell also released his first live solo album titled Songbook in November  2  0  1  1  .	 0 	1
